LEARNING FILM TRANSCRIPT, MARCH 2020


A-LIST INTERVIEWS

BANGLADESH

TILDA AND AHSAN: WHAT IS EDUCATION

DHAKA LITERARY FESTIVAL, NOVEMBER 2018
00:00
Female - Introduction
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the session titled ‘On Drumduan Hill’.  The moderator for this session is Ahsan Akbar.  Ahsan Akbar a director of the Dhaka Lit Festival is a poet and writer and has been a key organiser of the festival since its beginning in 2011.  He is an appointed governor of the Royal Female School of Art, Drumduan School, WMC the Camden College and Board member of Bengal Lights and Feni Media. I would now like our moderator to introduce the panellist and begin the session. Thank you.

Ahsan Akbar 	
Hi good afternoon everyone. Thank you all for coming. There is an introduction her for Tilda Swinton although I believe she needs no such introduction. But I shall do that anyway. Tilda Swinton started making films with the late English experiment director, Derek Jarman in 1985 with Caravaggio.  They went onto make 7 more films together including Edward II, for which she won the best actress award at the 1991 Venice international film festival. She gained wider international recognition in 1992 with her portrayal of Orlando based on the novel by Virginia Woolf.  She received both the BAFTA and the Academy Award for best supporting actress of 2008 for Tony Gilroy’s Michael Clayton. In 2011 Swinton starred in an executive produced, We need to talk about Kevin, which debuted in the competition of the Cannes Film Festival to huge critical acclaim and got her multiple honours including Golden Globe and BAFTA nominations for best actress. She has featured in the critically acclaimed comedy Train Wreck, the Marvel studios blockbuster Dr Strange, War Machine and has just wrapped up, doing the Personal History of David Copperfield which was this year.

More recently Tilda has worked with Bong Joon-Ho on international hits [?] and Okja which we premiered in Bangladesh last year. She established rewarding ongoing film making relationships with Lynn Hershman Leeson, John Maybury, Jim Jarmusch, Wes Anderson, Joel and Ethan Cohen, probably known as Coen Brothers to us.  And Luca Guadagnino with whom she has made this soon to be released, actually it is released now, Suspiria.  

Swinton is the mother of twins and lives in the Scottish Highlands. What this biography doesn’t say is that she is also mother of five beautiful dogs.
	
Tilda	Not biological mother!

Ahsan	12 hens

Tilda	At the moment 12 hens unless there has been a massacre while I have been away.

Ahsan	And a beautiful tortoise called Slowly.  So welcome back to Bangladesh.

Tilda	Thank you very much.

Ahsan	And I think a lot of the curiosity is about, of course you have a very busy and [?] There must have been something you found at Bangladesh or you found at the Festival that made you want to make time for us and you have travelled a long way to come here. I would like to start with that question. What was that?

Tilda	Well I want to make a suggestion, a radical suggestion. Could we have the lights up so that we can see everybody?  Thank you because that is the answer.

	[Applause]

	Now I said yesterday and I really meant it, the moment we left Bangladesh last year I was looking forward to coming back and I already look forward to next year.

Ahsan	Thank you. This is a huge honour for us.  

Tilda	Because no festival really can exist or have any spirit at all without its audience, because you make the festival. Anybody can put up a little wooden stage in a forest and if the animals don’t come then it is not rocking. But this is rocking. This is a really, really rocking forum. And something that I don’t know is said enough to the audience is how much we who do get to stand on this stage, how much we get out of being here. How much we get out of being with you, talking with you and talking with each other. Because we are here on a sort of, it is like a vacation, a school vacation for all of us. And we are looked after, we don’t have to feed ourselves and we wonder around on a sort of out of school break. And we learn from each other. And what I have really, really loved when I woke up this morning thinking about what on earth we were going to offer you on the stage today, is noticing how much I have got out of the last three days here, just too much really to 


What is education? 
Learning with Friends
Empathy

describe to you. But it is a very interactive thing and meeting you is the heart of it.  
00:05:45
Ahsan	And on that note today we will do the session quite differently from our usual format whereby we have a discussion or a debate and towards the end of the panel we open it up to the floor. We will actually open it up pretty soon and would like to have questions from you. And the questions would be around education. Because am I correct in assuming that everyone of you has been to school or you have some interest in the school. You may have children going to a school. You may be thinking about a school. Education is part and parcel of this festival. And today’s talk at this discussion with Tilda is actually about education, something she feels very strongly about, very passionate about. And we would like to hear your thoughts, comments, questions about education because it is only then we will frame out thoughts. And we have our opinions too and would like to share and make it a more interactive session as opposed to us trying to preach to you our beliefs.  So if you are in agreement we will actually open it up now?

Tilda	Yes I would like to remind everybody that even those who have never been to school or will never go to school are educated. They are absolutely alive and absolutely responsive and absolutely dignified.  And so even if you have not been to school or are not intending to go to school, I would like to ask you, anybody who would like to offer an answer or a reflection or a suggestion to the question, what is education to you? What might we think about when we think of education? I think there are some microphones that might come your way.

Farah Kubi	Thank you and again it is a pleasure to listen to you.  I am Farah Kubi, I am a Bangladeshi.  I grew up with my parents split because my mother was an educator and she believed very strongly in sending me to school. My father on the other hand said, if it is in her she will get educated. On hindsight now I think, I used to tell my father that I would take you to the UN because of you moving around and never went to school. And when I got married I said to my partner that my sons or my children will go to the same school and graduate. So I find that for me education is all about learning and I have managed to learn. It is a lifecycle. But what my children got because they went to the school for ten years, was learning with friends, learning and attending different sessions. I never studies physics. I never got the opportunity to study biology. I have studied as an adult. But that journey is important. But I don’t think education can be restricted just to the academic. It has to be learning from every opportunity. That is what education is for me.  Thank you.

Ahsan	We will take more questions or comments.

Education is opening doors, imagination
Truth
Adaptation


Sharpor	Hi my name is Sharpor, I am from Taka, I live here. For me education means empathy and I don’t think education has anything at all to do with what kind of degree you have, what school you went to or what medium of instruction you had while growing up. To me when I see an educated person, I think to myself that that woman or that man is educated because of the way they behave and the way they act towards other people and that comes from empathy. So for me education equals empathy. 

00:10:00
Tamsim	My name is from Tamsin, I am from Ryder in Taka and I have a question actually.  It is going to sound a little vague or general, but please bear with me.  My question is, do you think it is actually possible to create a structure to teach creativity to children for example? And if such a structure exists what would your opinion be on how it should look like or how it should be structured?

Tilda	That is a great question.  We will answer it and remind us if we forget, but thank you for that question.

Female	Good afternoon Lady Tillie.  I do want to say that education has risen and from you quotation from Dr Strange I would say nothing is forbidden, just a few practices.

Nuha	Hello I am Nuha, I am a fresh graduate and I am an architect.  What I have learned or tried to explore that for me education is an enlightenment because I think starting from my 7th grade history book I used to pretend that all the correct characters there were creating dramas in my head and creating more opportunities to imagine and opening more doors that what life was and what it could be and from there opening more doors to arts and philosophy and well for me education should be the freedom that gives you the power to think and to explore and to be brave and to be independent. I think that is education for me. Thank you. 

Female	Hi, for me education is being humble. The more educated we are the more humble we are.  

Isnah	Education for me is to learn the truth. You can learn these things from book, but other things for your life and other things. It is not only for learning from book or institution. They cannot treat you the right education, but if you can learn from your life is the education I think. 

Kumru Hassan
	Thank you. My name is Kumru Hassan, I am a teacher. To me education is adaptation. Learning how to adapt to an environment, the changes. Because survival is the most important to achieve. Thank you. 

Tilda	I want to suggest, I would like to hear from everybody, but I want to suggest that we talk a little bit and then we can continue this questioning a little later.

	I am struck by something, I don’t know if anybody else has noticed. But pretty much everything that everybody has mentioned can be learned out of school. And pretty much everything that people have mentioned can be inhabited by somebody before the age of 7.  7 year olds, 5 year olds, 3 year olds are very adaptable, they are very dignified, they are very humble etc. etc. 

	The question is, how do we as a society and I think I am sure a lot of you whether you have children of your own or not you will all certainly pre 7 and you may have a close relationship with somebody now pre 7, these are properly individuated and dignified and gathered individuals who are highly intelligent. How is it that we as a society keep them that way. How is it that we keep ourselves that way and at the same time give them the opportunity to adapt into their adulthood to become adults who can properly interact with each other and form the future?  So this is the question that I want us all to talk about here today.  

	And I want to go to the wonderful question that the gentleman at the back asked about creativity.  You reminded me of something that I once heard which is apposite about a teacher somewhere in Europe whose children in her class, a primary school teacher, whose children were customarily winning art prizes in national and international art contests. And I mean really quite regularly they were winning these prizes and she was asked, what do you teach them?  And she said, well I don’t really teach them anything, I just know when to take the work away from them at the right moment.  
00:15:32
	I think teachers will understand why this is a resonant thought.  I want to talk a little bit about a school that I am privileged to be a part of running in the North East of Scotland. And the reason I want to talk about it is not because it is in the North East of Scotland although that happens to be where I live.  But because I am impassioned about the model of education that we are working on there and I am particularly mindful that I believe and you may or may not agree with me that there are models that we are beginning to work there that are really transportable around the planet. They are not to do with tech, they are not to do with anything that can’t be scaled up incredibly easily and incredibly cheaply frankly. Economically is actually the word isn’t it, not cheaply sorry. 

	
T on Drumduan and steiner
But the thing I want to talk to you about is this empowerment of childhood with and without school. And for us to talk about whether it is possible to imagine a society that is built out of this kind of education. And the reason I want to talk about it today is that as I said, the last three days panels have fired me up so much because I don’t know now many of you have been here for the last three days. But if you haven’t, let me tell you. On this stage and all the others these extraordinary enlightened beings have been constantly talking about the obstacles we are banging our noses up against. And these obstacles are usually found in a kind of binary principle. This morning it was about what was cool and what is uncool. People talk about the left, they talk about the right. They talk about gender, male and female only by the way. I am not criticising this discourse, because this is the discourse that the world seems to run on. But I have a suggestion that we actually tease this binary system apart. The best people to tease this apart are people under the age of 7 by the way because they live pre this binary world.

	So I want to tell you a little bit about the school that I run in the North East of Scotland. And Ahsan has become since we met a couple of years ago, has become a member of the Board. So we thought that since we have you captive, we can tell you something about it. My own children went through this school. They are now 21, they are twins. They graduated from this school two years ago.  This is a school which employs the use of no exams at all.   [Applause]

	And here is the kicker because we all wonder when we are parents, we wonder about whether or not we are going to commit our children to being without higher education. And there is something about the gaining of certificates that might get us into the higher education that is valuable when we are parents. Let me tell you this much. My children’s class, there were 16 graduating children. There was one that did not apply to college or university.  All the others, 15, have gained places in national and international colleges and universities with no exams [Applause]

	This of course says something, quite a lot, about the colleges and universities. I would suggest it says that they are really sick of getting these 18 year olds totally neurotic, totally over stressed having got 4 As at A level and being addicted to all sorts of antidepressants, who don’t actually have any life skills or any sense of humility, or any sense of adaptability coming and taking up the places.  And they are very, very keen on these I would suggest rather more self sufficient and adaptable individuals that come through the kind of education that we are privileged to work with at Drumduan which is the name of the school.  
00:19:59
	
T on Drumduan and steiner
So this school is based on the tenets of an educator from the early 20th century, a German called Rudolph Steiner. Sometimes you hear his educational model described as Waldorf. The reason by the way it is called Waldorf for those who speak German, is not because as I used to think, Badorf sounds like a village in the forest, it is not that, it is because the first people to give Rudolph Steiner the money to run his educational experiment was the Waldorf Cigarette Factory. So we take it where we can.  He understood that a child’s development can be looked at in the following ways. That the first 7 years of a child’s life is about the development of the will. The second 7 years from 7 to 14 is about the development of feeling. And the third between 14 and 21, the development of the intellect. 

What this means practically is that the child does not enter formal education until it is 7.  So before 7 you are learning how to climb trees, you are learning how to light fires. You are learning how to make friends. You are learning how to get bored.  You are learning how to resolve disputes. You are learning how to grow food that you then eat with your own hands. And then when you are 7 you start to learn A,B,C.  I remember when my twins were 6 ? and my father who was born in 1925 and you know probably knew how to read Latin when he was 3, asked them to read and they couldn’t read and he was completely horrified.  And I had to really bite my tongue because it was a feat of real bravery to present him with these Casper House of wild children of 6 ? who couldn’t read. And they started to learn A,B,C when they were just before 7. They were born in October, so a month before they were 7. And by March of the following year they were sitting in the corner of rooms reading, completely reading. Six months. [Applause] 

Ahsan	I just wanted to ask you two questions for the benefit of the audience. One is if there no exams, how do you evaluate their progress? 

	And the second is so the 15 who are now applying or have applied, just give a few examples of what they are doing now so we know the system works?

Tilda	Yes, there are scientists, there are humanists, there are. So we have a boy in an arts school in Glasgow, Glasgow School of Art. We have a boy doing criminal psychology. My own daughter is applying to do psychology. My son is doing engineering.  There are several creative writers it has to be confessed.  There are three musicians doing classical music.  Biology.  There is one medical student believe it or not.  Yeah I am forgetting people, but it is a range. I believe that what the colleges are really valuing there is the interview. But in answer to your question, what they prepare in their last year is a portfolio including a thesis which is not unlike a kind of first year university thesis. They do a lot of self directed learning. 

	
T on Drumduan and steiner
I want to just continue my trajectory through the education. I have given you part one which is pre-7.  7-14, the years of feeling. These are the years where children learn entirely experientially.  I always remember my children when they were about 10 coming home and saying we are learning science. They felt very fancy because they were learning science. Only at 10.  And they were doing light, they were learning about light. And I said to them, so how is the light lesson? And they said it was fantastic, we learned all about light. And I said, what happened? And they said, our teacher shut the shutters and we sat in the dark. Their first botany lesson was, and we are fortunate to live in the country, and so I know that urban schools of this kind may find it more complicated, but there are always trees. They went out into the forest, they lay on their backs on the ground and they looked up at the trees and they imagined and felt their way into what it might be to grow as a tree. All of this is experiential.
00:24:42
	Then cutting to the chase, from 14-21 is the development of the years of intellect. At this point they start to learn in a different way. They start to learn not in blocks of half an hour, half an hour geography, half an hour French, half an hour maths. They learn three week emersion blocks.  A block of three weeks of embryology, three weeks of three painters from the renaissance, three weeks of land surveying etc, etc. And this way they really learn to immerse themselves and I would say they learn how to learn and they learn how to retain. So when they come to the end of their time at Drumduan, they are in their last year very much self directed. They are choosing subjects they are really, really interested in and they are creating very long form essays, they are making public presentations to their class and to their parents and to their teachers. And this all coalesces at the end  into a portfolio and that is what they present to the university.  

Ahsan	Fantastic. But I am also curious because a lot of my friends who use, they make use of social media and certain apps like Netflix and You Tube, do say for example feed their child. What would happen to them from what you are suggesting you are not introducing internet before the age of 14?

Tilda	They don’t get any kind of screen of any kind before 16 [Applause].
	And this is for very particular reasons not just to do with content, in fact less to do with content than to do with the kind of existential relationship with the screen. These children also by the way if we are not careful certainly in the West, very soon people under the age of 15 will not know how to write by hand, very, very soon. They generally speaking in schools now in traditional schooling now they do their homework on computer and they email them into their teachers. I don’t know what it is like in urban schools here. 


DD screen policy
Handwriting
Knowledge retention
Ahsan’s education experience

But as we know, as any psychologist will tell you and neurologist will tell you, handwriting is an incredibly important method of the development of the psyche and this is something we hold onto very strongly in Drumduan. They don’t get any screens at all before 16. They draw a lot.  One of the ways in which you learn at Drumduan is you will get a lesson on Monday which will be told to you by your teacher. And by the way our teachers don’t use any text books at all.  They are teaching from their own learning. So you will hear a lesson on I don’t know, the biology of the heart on Monday. You will hear it. The next day you will see it drawn on a blackboard. The third day you will hear the same information, but you will write it out and you will draw it.  And the fourth day you will make a presentation about it. And believe me these kids they retain things in a way that I never retained things when I was doing all my exams at university.

	I remember a very important moment when my children were about 15 and my daughter fell off a rock in Scotland by the sea. And I came around the corner and heard all this squawking.  And I came around the corner and her brother was there helping her and he was talking, using all the Latin terms, that is your patella and this is that and the other.  And I said, so you have obviously done the knee?  And he said yes we did it last year. He had retained this stuff. I never retained my university work I can tell you that much.  They are learning how to learn and it is a mystery to me not having had the benefit of this education, but it is really, really working.  [Applause] 

Ahsan	I am sure a lot of the audience would relate to this as I see my own experience, sort of not study very much before the year end, before the exam I would cram. And I did very well by the way because mainly because my mother who is actually in the audience, just to please her and so I can be let back into the house.

Tilda	Excellent principle, excellent.

Ahsan	And it was really about just making sure that I had my bedroom and have my little freedom of playing cricket and playing some music. So I do well in my studies. They can’t interfere because I wanted to grow my hair at the time and my mother said if you get all A’s then you can grow your hair, it’s a deal.  This is completely radical by the way. A lot of the audience would maybe question that, isn’t it in the age of, as we say the internet age, you are introducing screen at 16, isn’t that almost like being disconnected from the world, almost like the Amish Community or you know?
00:29:50

Screens
Supporting natural intelligence

Tilda	Well I’ll tell you one thing about my 21 year old son, I am sorry to use them as laboratory rats, but if they were here they would roll their eyes they are kind of used to it. But they are not addicted to the thing. They know they can live without it. If there is a big electric storm, they are cool. They can deal. It is not a thing that they rely upon to think or to be amused or to be engaged. They have an attention span. And we have talked on these stages in the last few days about you know over techno overload. If we support, I won’t say create because we are not talking about creating people here, we are talking about supporting natural intelligence. Anybody who has seen a three year old with a bar of soap or a rock. You know talk about attention span, that is endless, it is there. You don’t have to instil this in children.  You just have to step away from the vehicle and let it grow and develop and give it confidence. 

	And I think technology is a mega distraction in this sense, too early, it can disrupt a child’s natural rhythm and a natural curiosity. And it is just a question of delaying it. I mean you know, my children are as interested in instagram as anybody, it is just that they know they can live without it. And that is a great difference. But they are already very old my 21 year olds. I mean people of 7, they have an opportunity to be fully bionic in a way that my children you know they are at least part mortal still. And it is a difficult choice I know for parents in cities particularly because when your child is going to school you want a child to be able to contact you when they are very young, I understand that. And we have the luxury of living in the country where my children were never really that far away from the ability to get in touch with someone. So I know that is a thing to be negotiated. But it is a thing to think about, it is not necessarily empowering your child to tech them up too early.

Ahsan	Do we want to take more questions?

Tilda	Yes why not.

Male	Where does laughter, sports and music fit into this scheme of education?

Tilda	It is the absolute life blood. I would say that the sense of wonder and natural joy is absolutely integral. Absolutely integral. These children don’t spend that much time in classrooms by the way.  They are outside a lot. And they are making things a lot.  And they are making things together a lot. In one of the last years of school they are learning their science through making, for example there is a moment when they are about 16 when the entire class take a tree trunk and together over the course of the year they make a Canadian canoe.  And this is 
Tilda’s experience with nanny and school
DD singing

where they learn all their science, all their science lessons are within this one class. And they learn their weights, their measures, their resins, their buoyancy.  And then at the end of the year of course they take the risk and they sail it across the sea together. So they are also learning a group endeavour. But believe me there is no shortage of laughter and joy. It is absolutely the way in which the children are learning because as I said to you, you have here children who have had fully developed will, truly wilful children.

	One of the reasons I suppose that this was so important to me as a mother, because honestly when I had my twins I could not have been more thrilled to be a parent, but there was one subject that used to make me sleepless at night which was ‘Oh my God they are going to have to go to school. How am I going to find a school that I can bear for them to go to particularly when I already saw how incredibly inventive and alive they were’.   I had been brought up for my sins by, in a kind of Edwardian world where my parents farmed my brothers and I out to a nanny, And my nanny had been to a nanny school where they were sort of taught to be nannies with a set of commandments.  And commandment number one I latterly discovered was the child’s will must be broken [laughter].  It didn’t completely work I have to say, but this was my experience growing up, my schooling was built on, not in a particularly toxic way, but in a very kind of quite insouciant way on the idea that the child would have no real will, real developed will. The child would definitely bow down before the law of the school.  
00:35:14
	And when I discovered this particular form of education knowing that the first 7 years of the child’s life would be respected as the development of the will, that was a very important thing for me to discover. So with will comes joy.  

Comment	[Not possible to hear]

Tilda	Yes a lot of music, a lot of sports. Music interestingly. One of the things I love about this school is that they do a lot of singing in the round. They do a lot of part singing. When they are very young they do it.  And it occurred to me that if you learn very young when you are 7 to do a complicated harmony, you are learning to hold your note, whoever is coming in from the left and the right and up and down, you are learning to hold your voice and to harmonise, to hold it true.  And that is a thing that they do, they sing every single morning.  And do you know an interesting thing, when I was at school there were people who said, I can’t sing. There is nobody who can’t sing at this school, they just sing. Nobody is particularly tone deaf or nobody is particularly better than anybody else. They just sing because they have always done it. And they play music and they dance and they play sport. They don’t play 
On children and technology

competitive sport until they are 10. When they are 10 they start to learn about the Greeks and they learn about the Olympics and there is Olympic games that they go to. And they learn to you know throw the discus.  They actually wear togas believe it or not.  And they learn a bit of Greek and they learn Greek geography. But when they get their medals, their medals are made of clay. And you don’t get a medal for jumping the highest, you get a medal for grace or you get a medal for kindness, or you get a medal for helping somebody who fell over in the last race. [Applause]

Ahsan	One comment, one question very quickly.  Comment is the definition of education that is what we are talking about. I went to a school where the head of the Institution in the very year gave us a very unique definition that still sticks in my mind that education is learning about something you did not know.  So that is the comment part.

	And question part, about the technology and introduction of screen. As a parent of 14 and 11 years old and I see a lot of people living with 2 years old right now struggling with the screen very much. And I was reading a contrarian article just recently and that raised a very good question that made me think. So how did I know the question and how do I know the answer?  I am placing it the way it is.  So in the 19 teens when telephone was introduced people were very much against telephone, that was going to destroy socialisation, destroy any discourse, destroy face to face contact of people.  1950s, after telephone there was like television in 1950s, same thing again that we [??] which I think were true, but I mean everything that has followed from that. The same thing now with screens as well. So are we being a bit of a anti-technology when we say that no screens?  I do realise you are saying from 16 years old, but what is the right thing?  And in a 100 years’ time this will be like water everywhere, or in 20 years time, then what happens?

Tilda	I love that question. I don’t think so, I really don’t think we are talking about being anti-technology, we are mainly talking about being pro-human.  But we are talking about finding a balance, finding it possible for the child to be balanced, to be adaptable, to be flexible, to have bent knees in the world.  To know their own weight in the world before they start being opened up and sucked into and mind expanded by this extraordinary technology.  That is all.  And finding a way to hold off the way in which that, I don’t want to call it a distraction because it is so much more than a distraction, it is the world to so many people, that screen. To hold off the allure and the nourishment of that world until such time as the child knows how to nourish itself so that it is not dependent on that nourishment and that it is a being before it is a social being.  [Applause]
00:40:00
Ahsan	I am just going to add a little bit as a writer and we discuss this all the time. So for example if you post something on social media, the gratification is almost instant because you see the number of lights or hearts and other things I don’t know about you get quickly. But if you write a novel, first of all someone has reach out to find the novel in this plethora of things that can entertain you and then read it in his or her private space. And then maybe have, I mean writers don’t expect it, but if they hear how great the book was, that is the gratification if you get it at the end.  

	So I think be patient for this little bit of joy you get, this endorphin release as you see your screen. Oh, I have got 64 lights, how many have you got? So this is a problematic for me. I mean but that is a reality right now.

Tilda	I think that is really right Ahsan. I think the relationship to time is really key and I have just remembered another example of what I consider to be a great piece of teaching that my children received and I know that it really had an impact on them as learners. They had another science lesson, the same teacher, the one with the shutters and the darkness. And one day my son said, Julie wants to borrow an old fish tank. So in he goes with the old fish tank and two days later I said, what were you doing with the fish tank?  They said, ‘ah we did this incredible, amazing experiment in science’.  

Now I don’t know what the experiment was but it involved a piece of paper on the top and maybe our teacher in the front would know what it was. The fish tank was filled with water. There was a piece of paper with two holes, two straws.  Smoke goes down one and only comes up the other or something. I don’t know what it was, but anyway they were trying to explain this amazing magical trick that their teacher had done in science, in physics. And we said, Sandra and I said, well that’s amazing, so why did the smoke only go down one tube and not the other?  And they said, ‘well we don’t know, that is the magic of science, nobody knows, that’s it.’  So we happened to see the teacher a couple of days later at a parent/teacher meeting and we told her this story and we said it is so amusing, obviously they didn’t hear the answer?  And she said, ’No I haven’t told them, I am going to tell them next term. I am going to give them a month or two to think about it, to try and figure it out, wonder why it is, try and detect and feel their way into.’ And then the next term she told them and I don’t know what the answer is because I am not one of her students. But they really engaged with this kind of challenge to their intelligence and to their sense of wonder. And that is all to do with the relationship with time and kind of relaxedness about feeling your mind evolve.

Ahsan	A question I have and I think many of the audience may also feel that way. Would this model only work in the countryside? So if you are in a city like Taka, you have seen how the city is and how things work here, how would you envisage this model working here?

In Bangladesh it’s all about the certificate

Tilda	I really hope, I hope and I believe that these are very early days.  That what we are working on might be transportable pretty much everywhere. We just have to find the formula in a kind of reducible enough chunk and a robust enough form that it can be scaled down, up and sideways into all sorts of environments.  I mean there are Steiner schools. We don’t call ourselves a Steiner school because honestly we are now developing into all sorts of new areas that we are pioneering ourselves. But there are Steiner schools that exist in cities for sure and Steiner education is very you know involved with and dependent on an examination of and a kind of rhythm with nature. And I don’t know how they manage it but they do. But you know I am really hopeful and committed to finding a way to travel with this.

Ahsan	I can tell you in Bangladesh, as a Bangladeshi I know this very well. It all boils down to the certificate, whether you want to get married, whether you want to get a job, it is all down to the certificate. It is very important [applause]  How many certificates, how many lines on the CV.  It doesn’t matter how amazing a person you are full of empathy, kindness, it doesn’t really matter. It is the certificate.

Tilda	I understand that. And to a certain extent that is true all over the world. Then let’s say this. And with full respect to that attachment because I am not saying that that is not a really significant attachment and for very good reason because the certificate brings with it a sense of democracy and that is a very important thing. But let’s say that then that one certificate is not for an exam but for a portfolio of self directed learning and self directed inquiry, but you still might get a certificate for that. I am sure there are ways of adapting and with respect and with proper flexible understanding you know the cultural importance of these things.
00:45:24
Ahsan	I think we had a question here, I mean many questions now.

Question
Female	I know and you have, in the discussion that has just taken place you have kind of moved into the area that my question was about because I have been sitting listening in awe and some envy about the fact that your teachers in your school have, they are so lucky to be able to work in this way. Because I think, I am a teacher and I think there are many teachers who would listen and share everything that you have said about education. And I think that it is less about being radical because I think these ideas have been as you acknowledged around for a long time. It is not about being radical, it is about having the bravery to swim against a tide. Because I come from, I have taught in Scotland and England and Sri Lanka, and so I have some experience of education system, what is accepted as the norm in education in three places.

Teacher: we wish we could do this, swimming against the tide, courage
	
And what you are describing I think is at the route it would be in every teacher’s heart. But the opportunity to actually put it in practice is rare and in order to swim against such a strong tide that exists in these societies you do have to be very brave. And if you are working in government schools in Sri Lanka for example, and I think it is not too dissimilar in many parts of India and Bangladesh, gosh that is a big tide to swim against. If you are trying to swim against the tide in the UK, similarly it is a big ask because everything else is going the other way and they are saying, produce the assessment material, test these children. And teachers after teachers after teachers will say we don’t need to test them, we can see what is happening, listen to us. But teaching is not held mostly in great esteem. What is held as in high esteem by our society is not the arts, and you see that in the way that the national curriculum in the UK is just, the arts are out the window, sidelined. And if you listen to people like Ken Robinson talking about how schools destroy children’s creativity, you will hear exactly what we are talking about today. So there is my blah, blah, blah statement and support.

	Now the question, what advice would you give to teachers working now in not the wonder of your school, but in ordinary government schools, what can they do to incorporate this thinking into their day to day work without losing their jobs?  [applause]

Ahsan	Do you want to take more questions

Tilda	Well that is such a huge question, I just want to address it a little, little bit although it stands for itself. It is a question for all of us. The first question is, I am not the person to say that because I do not work in those schools.  And you know much better than I do.  But I will say that, and by the way of course, swimming against the tide is absolutely what we are doing in Scotland and we have a really very enlightened government in Scotland and they are very interested in what we are doing. And in fact we are in talks with them constantly to see if we can infiltrate the state system more. It is a long conversation that we are having with them.  But still we are floating against the tide, swimming against the tide. And we are a private school, we are not subsided. I mean we are subsidised by interested patrons, but we are not subsidised by the State in any way.  

	But what I wanted to add is yes, absolutely, courage from the teachers, but really courage is needed from the parents. It takes so much courage for parents [Applause] to believe in this and to take. I mean it takes enough courage to be a parent in the first place. But to actually throw yourself off the parapet into this kind of system as a parent does take an enormous amount of courage. I can tell you as someone who now has 21 year olds who went through it, it is 
Scottish government, worried about mental health at school

worth it, it is worth it, it is worth it. They will deliver, the children deliver this curriculum.  And have your faith in them.  Find teachers who are up for it.  Create a little school somewhere and go for it if you possibly can. [applause].
00:50:25
	This gentleman has got his arm raised again.  So great to hear from teachers.

Question
Male	Tilda your experiment is fascinating and there have been many experiments like this all over the world. I don’t remember the name, but there is an English movie, American movie where the father is taking his children, a lot of them to the jungle for this kind of experiential.  

Tilda	Captain Fantastic, yes.

Male	And I also remember an American education psychologist telling that in America we don’t need schools, we need more playgrounds. And my question is actually whether your school has, Drumduan has become a model?  And if it cannot be replicated everywhere like urban cities, is there a blend of experiential learning blended to the conventional system of education?  That is my question.

 Tilda	Thank you for that question.  We would like in our very embryonic way to become a model. We are working on ourselves as a model. And as I say we have already started talking to the Scottish Government. Very interesting thing I wanted to say when we were talking to the Deputy First Minister of Scotland, John Swinney who is the Minister of Education, about, what we wanted was for them to say that they would fund us as a pilot so that we could develop ourselves and  then find a way of infiltrating ourselves into the State system. We are not quite there yet. But when I asked him what is the one single issue that keeps you awake as Deputy First Minister and as Minister of Education?  He answered in a heartbeat.  I thought he was going to say the attainment gap, but he said, mental health.  ‘Mental health is the issue that keeps me awake as Deputy First Minister of Scotland and it all starts with Education. In fact it starts even before education, it starts with a relationship with the parents and a relationship with the adult world.’

And this is why this is so important. This is why I wanted to talk about this today. All the subjects that have been discussed here in the last three days all make me want to say, let’s go back to these years. Let’s go back to finding a way to embolden intelligent and enlightened children to remain that enlightened, to remain that open, to be up for learning, to know that learning is available to them. To know that those things they don’t know are available to them and they have all the skills they need to learn them.  This is the model that we are trying to infiltrate. [Applause]

We should empower adults not to be afraid of ‘the system’
Education is right here, in your hands

Question
Female	To me education should, the things you are saying that mental health issues. I have seen my friend struggling so much with education traditional system of our academy. And they are dropping out because they are so frustrated with the system.  And here education is not curing our mental problems, but these are just making it. Education is the reason of mental illnesses nowadays [Applause]  

	We are talking about the children, that 7 year old children can learn in this process very highly creative, on Drumduan. But we have passed that age, we have passed that age but still we are struggling to learn things and my friend she dropped out and I keep telling her every day that how can, she can still do great with her life in future. Education is right here, in your hands
00:54:58
Tilda	It never ends. You have everything you need, everything. Even the fact that you are here today, you have got it all, you just relax, shoulders down, just be full of wonder. And it is all there for you.  It doesn’t matter. I speak as someone who had a high, high level Cambridge University, terrible university education, terrible education, incredibly expensive. Masses of exams, totally overwhelmed. I didn’t know a thing. And having children, which of course if one is blessed with children, is a great way to start your education. You know it is never too late to just. Education is right here, in your hands

Ahsan	Do you want to talk about the everyday learning that people are doing already? So for example we are drying clothes, an example we were talking about?

Tilda	Yes that is something I was talking about last night with my friend about the possibility of children in Bangladesh for example who are working and come out maybe for a couple of hours or 3-4 hours to go to school every day. This actually relates to what you were saying.  Education, I think that there is a sort of existential problem with the idea that education is like a shelf that you have to somehow get up onto.  I would like to reframe that. Education is all in here, it is all in here, it is all in here.  It is all in your hands. If you are a child of 5 and you are in a position in your life presently where you are working and you are lucky enough to be able to go to school for a couple of hours, one would like to think it was possible that you didn’t have to work, that you were able to go to school for the whole day. But you know what, it is not the case for everybody. You are still being educated while you are working. You are still dignified while you are working. You don’t go then into a schooling situation for a couple of hours where you are sitting on a chair looking at a blackboard which is very dislocated from the work 
Importance of not separating school life and child life

that you do during the day. The more the worlds of education and work, and I don’t just mean paid work, and I am not talking about child labour, I am talking about the work you do with your mother in the house or the work you do outside in the field. That is education too. And the closer that one can bring all of this, the more emboldened you are, the more dignified you are, the more in your life you are.  

Talking of my ridiculous highly expensive education, I do remember sitting all through my school years and to a certain extent my university years, waiting for my life to begin. Your life has begun when you are a week old, a day old, an hour old.  Your life as a living, working, helping, moving, wondering 3 year old has started. You don’t have to wait for anybody’s permission to learn anything about the fly you are looking at. You just have to own it. So I think one of the things I find very encouraging about this model of education is that it is not about a spanking clean school and a fancy playground and masses of equipment or a lot of technological knowhow.  It is a living space for the child’s inquiry and wonder can move in and out of and then home and then into the woods and into the streets and into his friend’s house and into her friends bedroom and it is all one life. I think that is the thing that is really different. I remember thinking that my life as a child and my school was separate things and I think that it is really psychologically, holistically important to bring these lives together so that the child knows that it is alive. [Applause].  

Ahsan	We have a couple of minutes next so we will take quick questions very rapidly.

00:59:36
Question
Male	A couple of things you mentioned the model of education which is sort of 0-7, 7-14, 14-21. So my first question is that, is there something one needs to commit to from, you know the week your child is born or are there ways in which you can laterally enter certain stages. If you talk about that level?

	The second question is I would imagine that this model of education you have been talking about would actually be uniquely well suited to children with special needs, children with no traditional needs.  Is that something out of the example or experience of your school or the schools you are familiar with that you can talk about or the audience here please? Thank you.

Tilda	Yes to both questions. It is entirely, certainly what we are setting up at Drumduan is entirely inclusive environment. And we have a lot of children with what are traditionally described as special needs. I mean there is a large intake of children who are diagnosed with dyslexia for 
DD as inclusive, special needs
But important to get kids into the classroom first

example. And partly because learning, the teaching itself lends itself.  Acknowledges that we learn in different ways as I described earlier. Some of us learn by reading, some of us learn by looking, some of us learn by hearing, some of us learn by writing.  All the children in this education do all of this so nobody falls through the cracks. My children had a child in their class who had Tourettes and he was there for several years, he really flourished. So it is absolutely inclusive in that way.

	And your question about when one can enter.  First of all the rigidity. I think maybe what I described at the 7,7,7. This is classical Steiner educational theory. And we are based upon it. But it is you know, it is swingable if you like. But certainly at Drumduan we are taking children in because we are a very new school, we have only been an inclusive school. I mean when I say inclusive, I mean we have only grown our upper school up to 19 in the last two years. We have a lot of people coming in just for the last couple of years which is really interesting for us and brings its challenges because of course if you have learned in this way from Kindergarten upwards, there are certain rhythms and certain colours that you get faster. And if you come in from a State system or from different education it can be challenging. But a lot of young people are finding it incredibly I would say therapeutic. I mean it is a therapeutic education very often, particularly in that upper school. So yeah open to all in every sense, open to all. 

Female	There are quite a few experimentations going on. I am from Finland.

Tilda	I have heard the Finnish system the state system is.

Female	But let’s not forget for most of the world the challenge is still getting kids into that classroom. Child marriage rates goes down in Africa when girls are in school, nutrition improves when kids are in school. For many parents I would say most. It is not a question of courage, it still is a question of money. For many children it is not just about creating learning which we all want for our kids, it is also about getting that education that gets you access to opportunities.  That has not changed, that still is the kind of basics that we are dealing with and I think we have to remember that. 

	My mother was an elementary school teacher. I have a lot of respect for teachers. I think it is probably one of the toughest jobs in the world and it is one where you really hold the future of the minds and your responsibility of ensuring continued curiosity to learn is what’s  the responsibility on the shoulder of teachers.  

But I think we have to keep in mind that for most, the majority of children in the world they need to get into that classroom and for 
Important thing is to have the space of the classroom, as crucible

most of them they need to get into that classroom to have a chance to get access to some level of opportunities.
01:04:07
Tilda	I would absolutely agree with you. And by the way notice that we are not talking about home schooling here. I did not home school my children.  I asked myself the question constantly, what is a school? Why do we need a school? What should a school look like? How would a school sound? And that is a thing that we at Drumduan are committed to. We are committed to a school for that reason, that classroom or rather that space let’s say. Because very often our children are up trees. This is the crucible for their future society so I would completely agree with you. But Finland, we study the Finnish model a lot at Drumduan. I think recently didn’t the Finnish education system start pioneering no subjects?  Fantastic, yeah, wonderful. 

Ahsan	I am really sorry, I can see lots of raised hands, but we are here running out of time now.  I would like to ask a question I think on behalf of the audience. You said you didn’t have a very good education. I mean you didn’t enjoy the education process, the school you went to was one of the top schools, and the University Cambridge wasn’t great. I think there will be curious minds wondering what you did right after the graduation that you did to get you where you are because you haven’t done too badly?

Tilda	I met artists that is what did it for me. I found my tribe.  

Ahsan	Thank you very much, thank you [Applause]
	
01:05:50


GIRLS AT DHAKA IT CENTRE
 (Start: 00:05)
Interviewer (person speaking in English): Can you explain to us why you came/care and what you want to learn?
Translator (person speaking in English and Bengali): He is asking why all of you are here today at the IT education sector? What do you intend to learn here? Any one person speak. 
Woman 1: We are here to learn about computers here. 
Translator: Please tell us your name first. 
Woman 1: Hello I am Shikha…
Woman 2: Hello I am Rinky…
Shikha: Should I speak in Bengali?
Translator: Yes, carry on. 
Woman from the background (In English): I am Amina 
[There was a bit of confusion]
Translator: Let’s start from the top. Let’s make a new start. Speak slowly when answering and start with your name first. The questions we are asking are: Why have we come here today? What are we going to do here? And what do we intend to learn? 
Shikha: As-salamu alaykum, I am Mosammad Sami Akhtar Shikha. I have come here to learn computer. I intend to learn this skill in order to get a good job and become a computer expert. 
[1:04 – voices in the background are not clear at all] 
Rinky: As-salamu alaykum, I am Rinky Akhtar. I am here to learn computer to be able to do something worthwhile such as a good job. 
Translator in Bengali to Rinky: Through internet browsing…
Rinky: Through internet browsing I intend to learn computer.   
[1:28 – voices in the background are not clear at all] 
Translator: So far we have heard two of you. I request others to talk about why they are here. We would like to know if there are any other reasons for which you’re here. Does everyone want to learn computer here?
Woman 3: Computer is a technological/technical subject. There is a need for everyone to have this technical skill. That’s why we are here to learn this… And our village although modern, not many people don’t know about computers. 
[2:18: The translator conveyed this in English to the interviewer. But exact communication is not clear]. 
Translator: Does anyone else want to share anything further?
(After a long pause)
Translator: Why do you think it is important to learn computers?
Woman 4: As-salamu alaykum, my name is Mosamad Shanta Akhtar Iti.We are here to learn computers because we need this in our education. If we apply for a job then this skill is very important. Additionally, we get this training for free. We don’t have to incur any expenses to come here. But if we go elsewhere, we have to pay money. We can learn here properly, it is close to our village, our homes… This skill will be particularly important for us in our education. 
(After a long pause)
Translator: Let us start with names. Which standard in school are you all in?
Women 3: Honours 2nd year. 
Shikha: Honours 1st year. 
Translator: Are you about to start or have you passed already?
Shikha: We have passed and are already studying.
Translator: How many of you have passed HSC? ..... So everyone here have passed HSC and now you are in your honours courses? 
Women: Yes
Translator: So you have passed HSC and now studying honours? Do you intend to study computer honours? 
Women: Yes
Translator: Can I see a show of hands for how many of you are studying honours?
… Okay so three of you are studying honours. So what do you want to do after passing honours?
Woman 3: We want to do a good job. 
Translator: So what kind of jobs do you want to do? What all do you study?
Shikha: History
Woman 3: Since I am studying Economics, I want to do a job in bank. If that does not work out, I would like to be a professor or teacher… teacher of a primary school. 
(Stop: 05:01)
(Start: 05:02)
Translator: And what about others? 
W: I am studying Bengali and in future I want to be a teacher. 
T: How many have passed SSC? How many at the intermediate level now, i.e. HSC?
…. Okay 5 of you? 
…. After you finish the intermediate level what do you want to study? Your friend said Economics, what do you want to study?
W: I want to study Bengali.
T: What do you aspire to do in future after studying Bengali?
W: Teacher
(T repeats this to interviewer). 
W: I want to study History.
T: Okay, what do you want to do after studying History?
W: Teacher
T: It looks like most of you over here want to be a teacher? 
W: I want to study Bengali.
T: Okay. And what do you want to be? A teacher?
W: Yes
T: And then?
W: I also want to study Bengali. 
T: And you too want to be a teacher?
W: Yes. 
(Unclear conversations in the background) 
W: I want to study History
T: And then? So all of you want to be a teacher here? One sister said that she wants to work in a bank, what about the rest? All of you want to be a teacher?
W: Hmmm, yes. 
(Many women speak at the same time)
W: I want to complete Law. 
T: Law? 
(Unclear conversations in the background) 
T: All of us who are here studying Bachelors or those who are about to start undergraduate degree, do you all want to remain here? Or do you aspire to go to Dhaka or Chittagong? For instance when someone wants to study medical they go to Dhaka Medical College or Chittagong Medical College. So like that…do you want to stay here for your education or migrate elsewhere?
W: I want to migrate. 
T: Out of the country?
W in chorus: Not sure about that. 
W: …but definitely out of this district (zila). 
T: Can I see a show of hands for how many of you want to go out of the district? 
W in chorus: Everyone wants to go out it seems (repeats to interviewer).  
(Unclear conversations in the background) 
T: Those of you who want to be teacher, why is this your aspiration? 
W: Imparting education is a noble profession. We can do something good with it. 
T: Why do you feel that it is a noble profession? Did you have any good role models here who has set an example for you? 
W: Yes
T: Which aspect of being a teacher has inspired you the most? 
W: A teacher has the ability to impart good values through education. A teacher has the ability to instil values of honesty and integrity in its’ pupils.  
(Unclear conversations in the background) 
T: Okay, sister who wants to be a lawyer, we have a question for you. (Unclear mutterings) 
….This is a discussion session for a documentary on education. And we have been asking these questions at many other places. We are asking students like you your opinions on the importance of education. So we want to ask about a perfect school (although nothing is perfect in this world). What is your definition of a perfect school? 
 (Repeats to interviewer)
…. What is the definition of a perfect school?
(Stop: 10:00)
(Start:10:01)
W: In my opinion a perfect school is one which has a nice room, it should be in a nice town. There will be something that can attract the attention of the children. The teacher will be well equipped and well educated to teach. Something will be required to ensure the concentration of children. Computer is important in this regard, as a subject. Every child should learn computer in school. A playground is required. 
T: You mean for physical activities, the playground is required?
W: Yes.
T: … okay why is computer important? 
W: Computer is a requirement for the modern age. It’s application is required in everything. Similarly English is required for everyone. Just as we require basic languages such an English and Bengali, similarly we require Computer. For instance mobile technology is derived from the subject of computers. 
(T Repeats to interviewer)
T: Why is internet required? 
W: Because we get a lot of useful information about the world from it. 
T: So we can say that the definition of a perfect school is… one which will have a good provision for physical activities….
W: ….. yes and an ideal teacher 
T: Yes, very good point. Teacher should be ideal. Someone who can inspire its students. Right? 
The school should be in a good building and have good infrastructure. 
W: Yes and…something that can capture the attention of the students. 
T: Something to attract….
W: …see for instance these days it seems that children are not interested in studying. They are more interested in playing video games. It is because of the video games they lose interest in studies. 
Children have to constantly reminded to study, particularly children who live in the villages have to be insisted upon to attend school. Therefore something will be required that will draw children to schools. 
(Repeats to interviewer)
T: How many of you can do internet here? 
….okay. You. Where did you learn this from? 
W: I learnt it from here. 
T: What all can you do over the internet?
W: I can work on Powerpoint, Ms word…. Know Bengali typing. 
T: Focus on the aspect of internet. Browsing?
W: Yes can browse. We get to know a lot about the world. We get a lot of information about jobs…. 
(Repeats to interviewer)
T: Okay, so then there are many here who cannot browse the internet? How many of you are keen on learning internet?
….okay. What do you think you should do to learn internet?
W in chorus: Computer training 
T: Yes, for instance that sister has learnt to browse the internet after coming to this centre. She is picking up this skill here. So then, what should we do? Learn computer right? 
Why do the rest of you think it is essential to learn how to browse the internet? 
W: That’s because there are many things we don’t know about the world which we can learn through the internet. That is why knowledge of computer is important. Because we need to keep pace with the world. 


RABIYA BEGUM, OWNER OF 16 COWS, TEATULIA

Interviewer (not very clear): Can you ask her what her role is? And how old is she? 
Translator: What is your name? How old are you?
Woman: My name is Rabiya Begum.
Translator: Look at him and talk please. 
Rabiya: My name is Mosamad Rabiya Begum. I am 24 years old. 
Translator to Interviewer: She’s 24 years old and she is Rabiya Begum. 
Interviewer to translator: How many children does she have? 
Translator: How many children do you have? How many boys and girls?
Woman: I have twin girls, then another daughter was born and later a son was born. I have four children. 
Translator to interviewer: She has four children… one twin daughters, then another daughter and then a son. Three daughters and one son. 
Interviewer: How old are they?
Translator: How old are you children?
Rabiya: The twins are 10 years old, the daughter who was born after than is 4 years and the son after that is two years. 
Translator to interviewer: Her twins are 10 years old, then 4 years the daughter and the son is 2 years. 
I: Do they help her in her work?
T: Do your daughters help you in your work? 
W: Yes they do… you can see that they are helping me as we speak. 
T: So they assist you in all kinds of work?
W: Yes
T: repeats in English
I: And what about her (not very clear because background noise overtook)
T: Okay, tell us a bit about how many cows you have? About your resources? How much land do you have? What else do you have etc? What does your husband do? 
W: My husband used to earlier work as a stone crusher. I got to know about the samiti in my adjacent neighbour’s house. I saw that everyone was buying cows there. With more information from people, I then joined the samiti …. My first investment was of 23 thousand when I bought indigenous cows. Afterwards when the cows gave birth to a calf, I sold that off and bought some land and this is how I continued…. 
(Stop: 30:15) 
(Start: 30: 16)
W: … after that I bought cows worth 47 thousand taka. I suffered a loss when the calf from that cow died. So I told myself that since the loss was incurred here, I will recover the loss from the very place. I got another one from Teatulia then, and since then my profits started. 
T: How many cows do you have now?
W: I have 16 cows in total at the moment. 
T: Okay… and give us an account of your wealth. For instance how much land do you have?
W: I bought one bigha of land which is harvestable, i.e. can grow rice. We have taken lease of land until that is repaid we will keep the harvests from that land for us. 
T: How much land is that?
W: About 1.5 bigha 
T: How much money have you taken? 
W: 35 thousand taka. 
T to I: She is saying that she has 1.5 acres of land and 16 cows. She took lease for harvesting from there and getting her rice from that land. 
I: Did she say anything else?
W: She said how she became our member. 
I: What did she say?
W: She said that she first took loan for 23 thousand taka a cow that is local breed. That time she did not have enough money and at that time no was going to give her loan, so she bought a cow. From there she got a calf and this is how her investments became bigger. So she has taken 7 loans till now. That’s how she is gradually repaying the loan. She also said that her husband was a stone crusher, worked as a labourer. 
I: Is she happy how it works financially for her now?
T: Are you happy with your situation now?
W: Yes, I am much happier now than before. Earlier my husband was a stone crusher and now he does not have to do that job. Both of us work with the cows and take care of them. In fact we feel that we would benefit from another helping hand. Earlier we did not have anything, but these cows, by God’s grace has shown us good fortune. We were thinking that we will invest in a pucca (more stable) house after a few days. 
T: Now she is saying that she has enough money to employ another person. 
(Commotion in the background as translator narrates to interviewer). 
W to crying child: Go to your room, your father will give you a biscuit. 
T: Anything else you want to ask?
I: Her husband now works for her right? Talk us through how this may have changed the dynamics between them? 
T: Yes 
(to W): How do you feel now that your husband has stopped working as a stone crusher and now works with you. Do you like it? 
W: Yes, I really like this. Earlier he used to toil under the harsh sun. But now, although we are toiling it is much less compared to what it used to be. Moreover it feels like joint effort.   
T: Your husband works with you. Do you feel like you are his boss?
W: Yes
T: How does he perceive this?
W: He takes it well. Values me for this work. 
T to I: She is saying that now her husband is working with her. He appreciates her and she appreciates him. Before he was working as a stone crusher. Now both are doing this together and appreciating each other’s work. 
I: Has she received any kind of education?
T: Have you ever been to school?
W: Yes, I studied in a madrasa till class 6. 
T: Repeats to I in English. Madrasa is a religious school. It’s not like a normal school. 
I: Does she regret that she missed school?
T: No she doesn’t because she got married early. She is only 24 years old now and she has four children and one is 10 years. So may be she got married when she was around 13, very early. 
I: Ask her if she would like to go back to education? 
T: Okay, do you want to go back to school? Do you wish to enrol in adult learning or something similar? Or do you want to educate your children instead? 
(35:05)
W: Now I am more keen on sending my children to school and I want them to succeed in life. 
T: No she does not want to go back but wants her daughters and sons to have better education. 
I: What’s her dream? 
T: What’s your dream? What kind of aspirations do you have for your future? Lot of people want to do lots of things, what do you want? 
W: Earlier I used to wish for the cows to survive. I would pray that if one survived I dreamt of buying 10 milk bearing cows (gabhi). I would extract milk from them. Now I have more than 10 cows. I first want to build a more stable house, and once that is done I want to employ a person to take care of the bulls. Now I have children of school-going age, when they grow older there will be more issues in their lives that will need attention. So that will take away all my time that I am currently able to devote. My children will need more attention. I wish to be able to be there for them. 
T: Her dream is to have a better living life. She wishes that her daughters and sons can have better education. She also wants to employ someone for helping her out because when her daughters and children grow up they will need to spend more time with them rather than working in the farm. 
W: Now we are working so hard, my main wish to raise my children to be happy in life and to not go through the hardships that she went through. She hopes to have a good life in future. 
T to I: Repeats 
W: The workload currently does not even permit me to eat or sleep properly. So in future I hope that this situation will change. This is what I want. 
T: She wants a happy life in future that will let her relax and take care of her household. 
I2: When she did not have cows did she know much about cows or like cows?
T: Repeats 
W: I had been around cows before. When I got married my husband had local breed cows. We had a few and there were cows in my maiden home. I have seen my parents work with cows. I used to wish that if I ever had cows I would also work with them in certain ways. 
T: Repeats in English
I: Please ask her if she has anything else to share? Anything else that we should know? 
T: Is there something you want to mention that they did not ask? Do you want to mention something from your experiences? 
W: ….umm I feel like we purchased the cows at the right time. There is a doctor who visits whenever called. When the cows are sick the doctor comes for treatment. When the doctor is here he inspects all the local, both the local breed as well as the ones you have given us. So we don’t need to call a separate doctor to treat the local breed. That doctor charges a fee, moreover we have to constantly go to fetch the doctor. But with these doctors we don’t have to do any such thing. They come immediately as we call. 
T: She is just praising the service of KSF regarding her cows. So whenever she calls. So whenever she calls the doctor they come quickly. She said that the overall services are very good. So she is very happy. 
W: Someone also comes to vaccinate the cows. 
T: Her cows get vaccinated on time. So she does not need to worry about anything. 
(Stop: 40:00)


ROKSANA AKHTAR, TEACHER KAZI FOUNDATION, TEATULIA
(Start: 40:01)
T: Please introduce yourself. 
W: I am Roksana Akhtar. I have worked for KajiShah (unclear) Foundation. 
I: So, what’s your name and what do you do here? 
T: Mention your name and what your role is over here? 
W: I am Roksana Akhtar. I have been working for KajiShah (unclear) Foundation since 2006. I mainly look after the aspects on training and education. 
T: What is your role?
W: I have the role of Assistant Coordinator for Training
T: She said her name and what she does here. She said she is an Assistant Coordinator for Education and Training Programme over here. 
I: Can you explain what we see here? How was the school founded? 
T: In which year was the school founded? How did it come into existence? Please narrate to us the history of the school. 
W: We started this school in 2008. We were living here then, this was our office. I would often walk down this road to go to the village for our work. And quite frequently I used to see young children playing around on the street. Most children here would play, those around the age of 6-7 were not enrolled in school. So I asked a few of their guardians that despite being in a school going age, why were they not going to school? So we were told that the primary school where the children go could to was very far. Moreover they did not admit children under the age of 6. Moreover despite being eligible owing to their age they were not denied admission for not knowing the Barnamala (alphabets). That was the reason that by the time the children got enrolled in school for the first time they were already aged over 7 or 8. Then we started thinking that since we work in this area, can something be done for the children here? We had this space available then. So we thought if we can utilise the space as a school. We believed that children of the locality would benefit from this not only in terms of gaining some elementary education but even behaviourally. We started this school in 2008 around July-August. The first batch of children who were enrolled in this school are taking their SSC exams now. Our aim here is to involve children more in play and other co-curricular activities. And through this we make them ready for standard 1. 
T to I: She said all history…. How this school was built and how they started this programme. 
I: Did she talk about how it all started?
W: Yes. She talked about how the programme started and how the local students started coming here to get pre-primary education. At least to get the environment of the school and to get some ideas about letters, colours, shapes etc….. initial stage. All this will enable them to start from Class 1. 
I: So what’s different about this school and any other school? 
T: Repeats in Bengali
W: Most schools that have pre-primary usually enrol children and teach them alphabets etc. But the children who come here are allowed to do and make whatever they like. If they feel like playing they play… sometimes we take them out to show the outside environment. They are able to relate to it. They realise the importance of taking care of the environment, such as a tree. Sometimes children are seen plucking leaves and being destructive with trees. But we try to explain to them that even trees are living creatures. So when we pluck a leaf the tree feels the pain. So children are learning these values and they have don’t pluck leaves or act destructively. They make different types of things here and are imaginative. Every time they try to use new things in their homes and bring it to class. 
T: It’s like… to nurture their creativity, to enhance their imagination, to learn about the surroundings, the environment and plants. They learn all of this. But in other primary schools the children go to the class…. But here they freely learn whatever they want. They also learn good manners….
…. such as they have to wash their hands before eating 
(45:32)
I: Please ask her what kind of kids come here? Children from poor families or just neighbours etc?
T: What kind families do the children here come from? Poor or…?
W: Sister mostly children from poor families come here but children from well to do families also come. There is one big house in the locality…..
T: Do people from the surrounding neighbourhood come here? 
W: Yes….children from the neighbourhood come here. As I was saying, that there is a rich family in the locality, the child who is now studying in the collectorate used to attend our pre-primary. However most children who attend this school are poor. 
T: Mostly poor children come here, but some well-off families also send their children. Because this is a pre-primary so people want to send their kids here to learn something and not to play around.
I: This is a personal question… what is a school for her? What does she feel is the purpose of education? 
T: Repeats to W on personal opinion about school. 
W: About this school in particular?
T: Yes, but also about education in general. What have been your experiences?
W: My experience is really really good. And the things that I teach the children in this school, I try to teach the same thing to my own child. I try to imbibe the same culture in my own child. For instance the children in this school are given leaves, I too have tried to teach the value of environment to my child by giving a leaf. So my experience is really good and I really enjoy the time that I spend in this school. Children try to communicate with me about the tiniest of things and I really like that. 
T to I: She said she really enjoys her time here. She has a boy of the same age, so relates to these children as her own child. This is passion for her to be with the kids. 
I2: I see that there is quite a lot of teaching and playing involved here. Can you ask her what is the role of play in education? 
T: Repeats in Bengali
W: Because the kids are so young. If we now tell them to learn letters or numbers they will not learn. They might repeat once or twice, but will not enjoy this learning. So here through play they are learning so much, sometimes even without realising that. So when I ask them about something they are able to answer. They are so young that they enjoy playing more. 
T to I: She is saying that these children are very young, barely 3,4 or 5…. So around this age group they like to play more than learn. So that’s why they are playing my learning. That’s more fun for them to learn. So they easily catch the key message behind something. 
I: Can you also ask the other lady whether she likes teaching? What’s her personal experience? What does she like best here? 
T: He is asking whether you like teaching and what do you enjoy about the teaching? 
W: What do I like?
T: Yes and why do you like it? 
W: We like to interact with children and we like to observe their growth. We like the creative aspects of their learning. The craft of building something. So that fact that they can build something, can paint, I like all of these aspects about the teaching. 
(Stop: 50:03)
(Start: 50:04)
T: She enjoys the creative side of things… she thinks the creativity of the kids are unique. Some children learn quickly, while others learn slowly but at the end when they try to something they are very enthusiastic. She sees their creativity and their inner self coming out and they try to play or do something of their own. 
I: Good, can you ask this question also to the other assistant teacher? 
T: No, she actually looks after the other aspects, all the training and education. She visits regularly about 2-3 times a week, but the other person is a regular teacher. 
I: Oh I see, okay okay. 
T: She is taking care of all the kids but she (the other lady) comes weekly 2-3 times and every month I come and visit the kids. 
I: So can she talk a little about what she enjoys teaching, whats a school for her and what is the importance of education. 
T: So he is asking if you like teaching and if you take interest in it? 
W2: Yes sister I like it. I try my best here. I feel that if for me two-three kids learn some letters, or have fun or learn to spell something then that’s great for both of us. We enjoy a lot with the kids through learning in general, through spellings, through poetry and through painting and through several other craft work involving papers and leaves. I really like it sister. 
T: She also enjoys her work as a teacher. She enjoys being with the small kids and enjoys the creativity of the kids. She likes to bring out what they have inside. Normally you will see kids roaming around, but here kids are very smart. So they are different from other kids. It makes a difference that they come here. 
I2: Can I ask what their hopes are the future of these children?
T: What do you hope for the children? What do you want them to become? 
W: We have really great hopes for these children sister. First and foremost we want them to be good humans and second we want that they are able to gain more education in terms of what their parents can achieve. We hope that along with institutional/formal education they are also able to gain some skill based education. But we really want them to be good human beings. 
W2: Sister we try to explain to the guardians the importance of sending their children to school everyday. We hope that they are able to gain the amount of education required, as per their parents’ financial capacity and even beyond. The more they will learn the more they will progress in life. We also have weekly and monthly meetings with guardians and insist on sending their children to school everyday. 



JORINA BEGUM, TEA PICKER, TEATULIA
(53:21)
T: What about education?
W: I have crossed the age to study
T: But don’t you want to go again?
W: Yes, I do. 
T: She said she will go again. Just in the interim period she is not going, but she said she will go again. 
I: Okay, thank you. 
T: Because she has got boys
I: Oh I see, is it important for her as well? Can you ask her?
T: Repeats in Bengali to W. 
W: Yes, it is important. 
T: What will you boys gain from being educated? 
W: It’s important for their future. They will be eligible for jobs. 
T: Okay
She said that it will be important to educate her children for securing their future. She believes that her boys will get better jobs or can go to a better profession. 
I2: Do you think you can ask her why she stopped going to lessons? 
T: Actually she hasn’t stopped…. 
I: Did it change her life?
T: How did your life change after getting education? 
W: It has been good. 
T: What has been good?
W: I realised the importance of educating my sons. 
T: Repeats 
Do you go to the adult learning centre?
W: Yes, I went there before but don’t go there anymore. 
T: She said that earlier she attended the adult education but nowadays she doesn’t go there. 
(55:04)   
T: So what did you learn went you went there? 
W: Learnt to write my name…
T: What else?
W: Learnt basic calculation…
T: She learnt how to keep counting and basic calculation. She learnt how to write and read and how to write her signature. She learnt all the letters. Basic letters… 
How old are you?
W: 30 years 
T: She is 30 years old. Her name is Jorina Begum. She has been working here for last 12 years. 
I: Can she explain to us about her work? What kind of plants does she pluck?
T: What do you do in the garden? What kind of leaves do you sort? What kind of leaves do you keep, please explain this to them. 
W: I come in the morning and keep my things. Then I ask sordar babu (supervisor) what kind of work I need to do. Then I go the garden. I pick and keep the leaves that he asks me to and throw away the ones that are not required. 
T: She said that she comes here early in the morning and then keeps her stuff in the deep shade. Then she starts working under the supervision of the staff here. 
T: How much do you pluck?
W: About 2.5-3.5. I throw away the hard leaves 
T: Do you have difficulty in gauging which leaf to pluck and which one to throw out? 
W: No, I don’t face any such difficulty. 
T: She says that she does not face any difficulty. This is because she has been doing this daily.
I: Can she show us the leaves that she plucks? 
T: Can you show them 2.5 leaf that you plucked? 
I: So can she explain to us how she plucks? 
T:  What do you do in the garden? What kind of leaves do you sort? What kind of leaves do you keep, please explain this to them. 
W: I come in the morning and keep my things. Then I ask sordar babu (the manager most probably) what kind of work I need to do. Then I go the garden. I pick and keep the leaves that he asks me to and throw away the ones that are not required. 
T: How much do you pluck?
W: About 2.5-3.5. I throw away the hard leaves 
T: She said that she comes here early in the morning and then keeps her stuff in the deep shade. Then she starts working under the supervision of the staff here. 
--- 
(58:20) Audio shifts to another interview 
T: There is one more question for you. 
I: Can she say that she is happy with her work? 
T: Are you happy working here?
W: Yes, I am very happy. 
T: Oh, she is very happy.
I: Can she say a few more words? 
T: Please say a bit more about how happy you are? 
W: Over here I wake early in the morning and then finish my cooking, then get my children ready for school. So over her I get to do a lot of things. I get to send my children to school, earn money and my health also stays well.  
T: She says that her healthy stays fine because she remains busy sending her boys to school in the early morning to school. She also cooks food and then comes to work. Her health is good because she is always in work. And here she got opportunity for doing work for the whole day rather spending lazy time.
I2: What does has this education meant for her? Not just materially…
I: May be we can say how has it changed her… can she talk again about how it has changed her life? 
T: How has adult education and working in the garden changed your life? 
W: Earlier I did not know how to read or write or even to sign my name. Through adult education I have learnt to do all of that. Earlier there was nothing at home. After coming to work we have materially gained a lot. This is how my life has changed. In future I want to educate my child well. I hope good things for his future. 
(Stop:1:00:13)  
(Start: 1:00:15)
T: She said that earlier she was illiterate and could not read and write. But now she can read and write. And now she can express her views among her family members. And she feels like now she has a role in the decision making process in the family. She hopes that in future her livelihood will increase and her socio-economic conditions will also improve if she continues. 
I: Okay, so your family respects you more?
T to W: Do you think your family gives you more importance now that you know how to read and write?
W: Yes, they do. 
T: She said that she’s got a major role in the family decision making process. 
Anything else? 
I2: Thank you.
(1:01:29) – Audio jump 
T: And her payment, how she is getting the wages, how much wages she will get, she can keep an account for that after learning adult education. 
I: But she said that she will continue for a year. Why will she continue for a year?
T: Why do you come to work here? And why do you intend to keep working?
W: I work here for the progress of my family. It enables me to educate my child. Earlier we did not have anything…. My in laws place is at a different place. After coming here I bought land, built a house, bought two cows.. I have made huge progress for my family. 
T: Oh really, you bought two cows?
W: Yes
T: She said that she did not have anything before. But after working here she has been able to buy two cows and has been able to purchase some land. 
---- 
01:02:20 – Audio jump
W: ..I have continued my education. 
T: She continued more…. She studied at least one year. After which she got interest to learn more. So it continued for at least one year in adult education. 
I: And what did she learn?
W: I have learnt a lot of things. I learnt to read and write. I learnt to keep a count of how many leaves I was plucking. 
T: Yes, good point. And what else did you learn? 
W: I can read if any paper is given to me. 
T: Oh!
She said that she learnt to count and to read. And she can read any pages. 
I: And is she attending the course at the adult education centre? 
T: Which education centre do you study in?
W: Islambagh School
T: Islambagh is a village nearby. Her boys study there. 
I: But is she attending the centre?
T: Are you attending the adult education centre?
W: Yes 
T: For how long?
W: For one year now. 
01:03:52 - Audio jump
T: At the beginning she faced difficulties, but after the end of one year she got used to pluck all kinds of leaves.
I: Okay. Can you ask her about her children?
T: How many children do you have?
W: I have one child. 
T: She has got only one son. 
I: Is he at school?
T: Does he go to school?
W: Yes, he is in class 5. 
T: Repeats in English. 
I: And has she got any dreams for him?
T: Do you have any dreams for your son?
W: Yes, I have many dreams. I come to work here for my son. I feel that if I educate him he will get a good job. That’s my dream. 
T: She said that she is working in the estate for her son so that she can give him better education. She hopes that this will enable him to get a better job. That’s why she comes here, to educate her son. 
I: Okay, so she sacrifices…. 
T: Yes, 
I: So what’s the most difficult decision she has to make when she is plucking leaves?
T: What kind of difficulties do you face? Do you find it difficult to decide which leaf to pluck and which to leave out?
W: No, I have knowledge about that. 
T: Why do you think you don’t face any such difficulty?
W: We know that we have to keep the der pata (one and a half leaf)… it is the young leaf. Similarly if we have to pluck share-teen pata (three and a half leaf) we know what to do. We through the hard leaf away. 
T: She already knows through her experience which one to pluck and which one to leave  
(01:05:44) 





MOSAMA FATIMA BEGUM, TEA PICKER, TEATULIA

(01:05:45)
T: What is your name?
W: Mosamad Fatima Begum
T: Repeats in English
How old are you?
W: I am 30 years old. 
T:  Repeats in English
How long have you been working here for?
W: 8 years 
T: She has been working here for 8 years. 
So tell us when you come here in the morning how do you start plucking tea leaves with others? For instance when you are plucking a particular leaf, how do you decide which one to take? How do you collect the leaf? Can you please explain this to us?
W: Our sordar babu (supervisor) instructs us what to do. He tells us if we should pluck adhai pata (two and a half leaf), so we do that. Similarly he tells us if need to pluck share-teen pata (three and a half leaf), and we do that. We throw away the dry leaf. We keep the der pata (one and a half leaf)….. 

T: Okay, so they have their supervisor and they instruct them to collect two leaves in one bun. 
01:06:45 – Audio jump
----
I: …change after she learnt the…
T: So you have been studying here for three months. 
W: Yes
T: Did you know how to read and write before that?
W: No
T: Okay, but now you can?
So, tell us that after studying if you have felt any changes in your life. For instance earlier you could not read…. For instance you could be crossing Bhojonpur bus depot, but could not read the signs on the board. Can you read that now? And if yes, what kind of changes has it brought to you life?
W: I feel very happy. Earlier I did not know how to read and write. Now after studying there we can sign our names. I like this. 
T: Repeats 
She is happy that she can get some basic education and that she can do her own signature. 

T: Ya..they go to school, it is about 1 kilometre from here. 
T2: Why don’t you tell us the name of the school?
W: The name of the school is Mondol-para 
T: Mondol-para school is the one she goes to. 
I: How long will they stay in school?
T: Which standard at school are your children studying in currently? 
W: My younger daughter is in class 3. My second daughter is in class 9. 
T: Repeats in English
How long do you intend to keep them in school for?
Do you want them to do higher studies? Such as inter, matric etc? 
W: Yes. My eldest daughter is married now. She has studied up to matric level, but could not pass. I have got her married. I have no sons. I have three daughters. 
T: Okay, she has three daughters. The elder daughter has married and the second daughter is in class 9. So then they have class 10, 11 and 12 after that. She wants them to continue their education. And there is another daughter who studies in class 3. So she has 7 more years for the school final. 
I: And what will they be? What professions will they go to?
T: What do you want them to be? Do you have any aspirations regarding their career?
W: My daughters?
T: Yes
W: I want them to study well, pass each class. This will then help them to get jobs. But if they don’t do well in studies, don’t pass how can one expect to get good jobs?
T: Okay, your elder daughter is already married. But imagine that your two other daughters pass and do well, what would you want for them? For instance people hope that their children will become doctors or engineers. What do you want? 
W: No, those are high aspirations. We are working class labourers. 
T: She does not have any specific dreams. She has very low expectations. 
I: Okay, but ask her if she thinks that education has any importance? 
T: Repeats in Bengali
W: Yes, I think its important. 
T: Yes, she thinks its important. 
I: Why is it important? 
T: Repeats in Bengali
W: Two of my daughters are going to school. 
T: Explain to us please why you think education is important?
W: You think that once my daughters pass I can get them jobs. But for us it is not possible. How will I get them jobs? 
T: No, you are getting me wrong. Tell us why they should be studying? For instance how do you think they will benefit from education?
(1:10:26)
W: Oh, if they get educated then nobody can cheat them. Please take advantage of one’s lack of education. Many people cheat you. 
T: She said that if they are well educated, no one can cheat them. They will have knowledge, so no one can cheat them. They can be settled in their lives. That’s why she thinks education is important. 
I2: You need to ask her if she attends adult education classes and what they are. 
(Stop:01:10:52)
(Start:01:10:03)
T: So in the other village there is an adult education class that takes place from 3pm, do you participate in that?
W: Yes, I do. 
T: Okay. 
Since when have you been going there?
W: I have been going there for 3 months. I have learnt to read and write. 
T: Yes, she said that she has been attending the class for three months and now she has passed that session. There’s now a new batch. 
I: And what did she learn there?
T: Repeats in Bengali. 
W: There I learnt the letters of the Bengali alphabets, I learnt numbers, learnt to write my name. 
T: So she learnt the basic alphabets and numbers. Now she can read the sign boards. She can read words. 
You can now read words right? You will be able to read if something is written on a board right?
W: Yes, I can. 
T: Yes, she has learnt the ability to recognise a word. 
I: Okay, well done. Good!
I2: Can we ask her how this has transformed things for her? What does it mean for her to be able to read the signs? 
I: So let’s word it differently…. 


TILDA SPEAKING WITH WOMEN IN COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION, TEATULIA

(1:12:26 – Audio moves to a new setting )

T: … ya because this is Samiti…. So there are 26 members from this community.  
T2: In Bengali Samiti means association. So this association. 
I: So as I told you last year what you’re doing here with your cooperative is really pioneering. And we brought some cameras here if you don’t mind to film our conversation to show people around the world what you’re doing here with your cooperative. 
T: So she is saying that she is very happy to see you all in the cooperative. She has brought a few friends with their cameras. They will be recording all the conversations here today. So she is asking for you all to cooperate in this. 
I: Is this acceptable? Is this uncomfortable?
T: Ya ya its fine. I have told them already. 
I: So it would be wonderful for the sake of the cameras and for any guests here for you to speak of your experience. I think you may be the most experienced member of the cooperative. 
T: Ya, she is one of the successful members of the cooperative. Rabiya say something…. Please introduce yourself. 
W: My name is Mosamad Rabiya Begum. 
T: She is Mosamad Rabiya Begum. 
T2: She is asking all of you to narrate your experiences. How did you start this, what did you benefit etc. 
W: I  have benefitted by buying and selling cows. This has also helped to pay off my loans. I have bought cows 7 times and now I have 16 cows at home. 
T and T2: She now has 16 cows!
I: Wow!
And how long ago was the first one?
T: When did you buy the first cow? 7 years ago?
W: Yes
T: Yes, that was 7 years ago. 
I: 7 years? Congratulations! 
W: Now I am earning a lot of money. 
T: Repeats in English
I: Wonderful
W: Earlier I did not have anything. Now I have 16 cows and have made much progress in life. 
T: Repeats in English
I: And how has this changed your relationship with your family? With your husband, with your parents, your community, how has it changed?
T: So now that earlier you did not have anything how did people behave with you then? How do they behave with you now that you have gained so much in life? How do your neighbours and others in the community treat you?
(1:15:08) 
W: We are not poor anymore. Everyone recognises us. 
T: She is saying that before when she did not have anything no one noticed that. Now everyone knows her. 
W: When I had my twins, then I begged from door to door for one pao of milk but nobody gave it to me. But now in my house there is 80-100 litres of milk.
T: So she had twins.
I: Me too!
T: So then she had to roam around from house to house asking for little bit of milk. But no one gave it to her then. Now she produces 80 litres of milk everyday from her farm. 
I: So you are a matriarch now?
T: So do you think you are an important person now? Everyone respects you? 
W: Yes
Now my children don’t want to have milk. There is excess. Earlier we struggled to just get a little bit of milk. 
T: Repeats in English
W: Now seeing me a lot of people are buying cows. They say that “if they could achieve this fortune, let us also buy cows”. So now there are many members to the association from my village. They followed my example. 
T2: Seeing her lot of other people got interested and they are buying cows. 
I: Yes! Yes! And your own daughters also are learning from you. And your son also. 
T2: How old are your children? 
W: I have 4 children. Two twin girls who were born first, then I had another girl and then a son. 
I: So is this a feeling of similar experience for other women? Is there a feeling of change in their lives in the way in which the community sees them? 
T: So is this a similar experience for all of you? Has this change been positive for all? 
Women echo: Yes, it’s brought positive changes to our lives. 
Many around us now want to buy cows. 
T: Other people are also interested to take cows now. 
W: Earlier there were only 6 members, now there are 26. 15 of us have taken cows. 
T: Repeats in English
W: And people have been buying more than once. Some have bought atleast 7-8 times. 
T: Repeats in English
I: And how is it for those of your whose mothers are living? How is it for them to see you taking this control in your lives?
T: How many of your mothers are alive? They are witnessing this change in your lives. They had a very different life than yours. You have so much money in your hands. So what do you think they feel?
W: My mother is not alive now. 
T: No, what about those whose mothers are alive? 
W: They are very happy now. 
W: I got my mother to me a member also. 
T: Repeats in English
I: Aha! 
W: Now I have 4 cows and two calves. So I have made much progress in terms of income. 
I: Do you have daughters?
T: Repeats in Bengali
W: Yes
I: Wonderful!
W: I hope that my daughter also joins this. 
T: She hopes for her daughter also to join the same. 
I: So you are a whole new tradition for women from generation to generation being completely in control of their own circumstances in their lives. 
T: So a lot of you have seen your mothers and you have thus come forward. Your daughters will also get inspiration from you. So she is saying this to all of you. She is talking about women’s progress in stages. You have inspired a generation through your work. 
I: Has it been difficult for the men in your lives? For your fathers? For your husbands?
T: What is the situation of the men? How do your fathers and husbands view this? How do they perceive this progress in your lives? Is it good?
Women echo: Yes, they perceive it well. 
I: The men appreciate?
T: Yes 
I: Do they appreciate the leadership?
T2: Repeats in Bengali
I: Or do they appreciate the money?
Women echo: They also cooperate with us. 
W: It’s important for both to work. 
W: When buying cows I take his opinion. He cooperates a lot. 
T: They help each other looking after the cows. 
I: When you first made the decision to take the first cow, how did that feel? Did that feel like a big step?
(1:20:05)
T2: Let’s ask someone else now. 
T: So she is asking when you took the decision of buying the first cow, how did that feel? Did it feel like you were taking a big step?
W: I invested two in buying cows. Each time I spent 12,000 taka. 
T: No tell us about the first time when you took this decision? Did you feel scared?
W echo: No we did not feel scared. Not at all. 
I: What are they saying?
T: They are asking why would they have fear? 
I: That’s wonderful. 
T: They were confident. They were happy. 
I: Wonderful. It just means that you all were waiting for some opportunities? 
W: Through this one can achieve a lot. 
W: We don’t have to worry for giving milk to our children. 
T2: With the cows they can do a lot of things. They can get milk, the cow dung.. it has been life changing for them. And ofcourse they can earn money. 
W: Earlier women would borrow money from the samiti and do random work. But now they sell the milk from the cows. 
W: It has enabled us to educate our children better. 
T2: Earlier they would take money from their husbands but now they have their own money. So they spend on their own. 
T: They can send their children to school and private tuitions. They can spend money on their computer education. 
I: And I understand that you have to learn a certain amount of business management when you learning to run a business with your cows, with the milk… with selling the cows.. How does that work with your skills in running your independent businesses?
T: So now that you have these cows, there are lots of things that need to be done. For instance one has to keep accounts, one has to keep a tab on the amount of milk sold etc. It’s like a business. How do you manage it? 
(Stop: 1:22:01)
(Start: 1:22:05)
 W: We learn this through this kendra (centre). Everyday we give them an account of the milk, cow dung…etc
T: Okay, so you are saying the people in this kendra (centre).  help you? Explain things to you?
W: Yes they explain things to us. 
T: So our officials help them to understand this. 
(Several parallel conversations in the background between the translators, interviewer and the women)
T2: To make all of this work one requires a certain kind of acumen, where do you think you get that from?
W: We first came here and then were told that we will be given milk bearing cows for that we did not have to pay any money at first. They bought us the cows. They haven’t taken any money from us. Every month someone from the centre comes and takes milk and cow dung from us. There is a passbook in which we keep our weekly accounts of the milk and the cow dung. 
W: They have a passbook, so when our officials come to get the milk and the cow dung they put the numbers down. They write the amount that is due.
T2: The business part is taken care of. They have to only sell the milk. 
I: And if any of you are inspired to learn in any other way? I know when I spoke to some of you last year you said that your daughters were taking further education or they were going to universities. I can’t remember which ones they were. Are any of the women here learning in any other way?
T2: She is saying that a lot of you have done various things with the income from this. Some of you have bought land, some of you are getting your children educated. Why don’t you talk about this one person at a time? 
W: Yes, I got my daughter married.  
T: Okay, have any of your daughters passed BA? 
T2: Or is there anyone who have used this income to marry off your children? Or bought land?
I: It’s a lot to run a business and then to take care of a family. I am not suggesting that there is much time. But I am wondering if they are, may be, interested to… 
T: …. ya. Their kids are quite young. One of them there, her daughter completed the school certificate. One completed SCC, i.e. class 10. Here it’s a huge thing. 
I: That’s a direct result of this. Of being able to keep her cows. 
T: And she has been able to save a lot of money for the wedding. 
T2: Whose house are we in today? 
(1:25:02)
W: It’s mine
T2: Okay, were your houses like this before?
Women echo: No
T2: This lady is the owner of this land. They have now almost built a dairy here. 
I: Oh wow!
T2: How many cows do you have?
W: I  have 6 calves and 6 cows. 
T: 12 
T2: 12
I: 12 cows? 
So over how long did that happen? 
T2: Repeats in Bengali
W: 6 years
T2: Repeats in Bengali
I: 6 years. 2 cows a year?
T2: And with that they built this house. 
I: Congratulations! This is an enormous achievement. 
W: I produce about 70 kgs of milk. 
T: She is saying that she is able to get 70 litres of milk. 
I: Wow!
I2: This is their pucca basha (formal house) 
T: Okay, how much milk do you produce?
Did you say 25-26 litres?
I: And do your children go to the school?
T2: Repeats in Bengali
W: Yes 
T: Don’t all your children go to school?
Women echo: Yes
I: Wonderful 
T2: This is the second branch of the school 
T: Yes this is a new school. 
I: Is this one of your twins? 
T2: Repeats in Bengali
W: No. The twins are much older. 
W: I am very happy that all of you have come here. I live behind this house, I invite you all to come. I will be very happy if you come. I now live in a tin shed house but planning on building something more concrete. 
T: She is inviting you to her house. 
I: I would love to come. 
T: She is saying that she has a tin shed house now but plans to build a brick house soon. 
I: It would be my honour. 
W: Out of the 16 cows, 6 cows cannot give milk. There has been a reduction in the amount of milk that I get. But despite that I get 70 litres. 
I: 16 cows and 4 children!
(Translators and Interviewers joke) 
W: If these 6 cows give birth, then I will get more than 100 litres of milk. 
T2: Repeats in English
I: Wow! So what do you think is the biggest number of cows that you can hold before you can start giving to your sisters, to your children, your cousins…? How many cows do you think you can hold as an individual?
T: How many cows can you manage on your own? Before giving some away how many do you want to keep?
T2: How much do you want to expand?
W: Everyone over here wants to expand.
T2: How big?
W: For instance now I have made this house, after this I want to build a double storeyed house. 
T2: Everyone wants to increase. Now they want to make a multi-storeyed building. 
I: Multi-storey cow shed! With a lift going up and down.
(After a long pause)
I: Thank you. Your daughters, and your husbands, and sons are very lucky. 
T2: Repeats in Bengali. 
I: Really, to have you as an example. 
T: Yes, an earning member. 
W: Earlier our husbands did not have so much pride in us. Now they are proud that we are doing this business with cows and that we can give them money. 
T: Their husbands are now proud of their wives. 
I: Good!
T: Because they are earning members of their families. 
I: So they should. 
W: And we make this income from home. 


I: With cows comes laughter.
So this lady was saying that she has a bio-gas plant. Do any of you have biogas plants in your house? 
T: No, one of them. 
T2: Repeats this to the women about biogas plants. 
T: Only she has. 
I: She is a pioneer of a new kind. 
T2: Okay, now she is planning to start her own. 
I: It’s wonderful. 	
W: We also want to take bio gas. 
T: Okay she is also intending to get a biogas plant. 
(1:30:05) 
I: Are these your children? Your older children behind us?
T and T2: Are these children surrounding us any of yours? 
Women echo: No, they are at home. 
T: They are the neighbour’s kids. 
I: Okay. 
T: They have come to see.
I: Okay
T2: Some of them are the children of the neighbours and they have come to see you all. 
I: So when someone new joins the cooperative and gets their first cow. They can rely on the more experienced women to talk to them about vets. Or when they need to go to a vet.
W: I am able to give the milk to pay off the loan and then with the money that remains I buy food for the cow. She then keeps the rest for her own. 
T: Repeats in English
T2: Once the cows increase, it means additional income for them. 
I: And for those whose mothers didn’t have cows themselves when they were girls can they remember a time when they would have wanted this kind of independence but they couldn’t imagine it? 
T2: Those of you who have cows now can you think of a time when you did not have this. Did you then ever imagine that you will get cows.
W: We always had cows. We had cows of local breed. We have been nurturing them since a very long time. 
T2: Initially they had local cows, but the production was very little. 
I: Ah, okay. 
T2: That was when they had to buy milk. 
(Stop: 1:32:33)  
(Start: 1:32:35)
I: Well I am so grateful to you for sitting with us and continuing to be so impressed and inspired by your example. 
T and T2: Repeats in Bengali.
I: You are an absolute beacon of independence and self-sufficiency.  
T: She is saying that you all are the guiding light. She is very impressed that as women you are standing on your own feet and taking this progress forward for your generation. You are an inspiration for others. 
I: Thank you, thank you very much. 
W: It is a good lesson for people in our village. Everyone will eventually learn by seeing other, through their own experiences. One has to learn to do all kinds of work. No work is unimportant. 
T2: repeats this in English while parallel conversations go on in the background. 
I: Exactly, exactly. 
Laughter and jokes heard. 
T: They are saying that they don’t need their husbands anymore. 
I: You said it! I dint say it. 
Hmmm
But your sons are very fortunate. They grow up in these families seeing this example and…
T: Their mothers, yes.
I: …and these self determining women. It’s wonderful. For the future it’s wonderful. Because they will expect this of their wives and friends. 
T2: She is saying that your children are very lucky to have you as an example. Their future will be much better because of you. They can do much better. 
I2: Daughters and sons 
T: Yes both, your sons and daughters will do well. 
I: What does that mean “Meye ebong chele”?
T: Meye means daughter 
I: Yes
T: … and chele is son. 
W: Previously our work was only restricted to spaces within the households and rearing our children. But now along with that we also rear cows. This also gives us an extra income. 
T: So they are saying that their husbands work outside the home. But through this work they can take care of their families as well as earn money without hampering anything. They said they are earning their own money. 
(1:35:37)
I2: You see they are taking care of their children, even now as we speak. 
T2: Yes yes. They are doing everything. Taking care of their children, taking care of their house. Everything. 
I: In English there is a saying that “if you want something done, ask a busy man”. But really what you have done is as a woman. 
-------
(1:35:55)
Audio jump: This portion is repeating 
W: If we get 4 kgs of milk and with the cow dung we are able to take care of our monthly expenses. We are also able to use this to feed the cow. Now we have many cows so whatever to get from these are in excess. They are our earnings. 
T: She is saying that after giving the milk for the loan, they sell rest of the milk in the market and buy food for the cows. And then she keeps the rest for her own expenses. 
T: Repeats in English
T2: Once the cows increase, it means additional income for them. 
I: And for those whose mothers didn’t have cows themselves when they were girls can they remember a time when they would have wanted this kind of independence but they couldn’t imagine it? 
T2: Those of you who have cows now can you think of a time when you did not have this. Did you then ever imagine that you will get cows.
W: We always had cows. We had cows of local breed. We have been nurturing them since a very long time. 
T2: Initially they had local cows, but the production was very little. 
I: Ah, okay. 
T2: So that’s when they decided that they have to buy. 
I2: ….ya because they can keep the cow when the calf comes.  
I: Well I am so grateful to you for sitting with us and continuing to be so impressed and inspired by your example. 
T and T2: Repeats in Bengali.
I: You are an absolute beacon of independence and self-sufficiency.  
T: She is saying that you all are the guiding light. She is very impressed that as women you are standing on your own feet and taking this progress forward for your generation. You are an inspiration for others. 
I: Thank you, thank you very much. 
W: It is a good lesson for people in our village. Everyone will eventually learn by seeing other, through their own experiences. One has to learn to do all kinds of work. No work is unimportant. 
T2: repeats this in English while parallel conversations go on in the background. 
I: Exactly, exactly. 
Laughter and jokes heard. 
T: They are saying that they don’t need their husbands anymore. 
I: You said it! I dint say it. 
Hmmm
But your sons are very fortunate. They grow up in these families seeing this example and…
T: Their mothers, yes.
I: …and these self determining women. It’s wonderful. For the future it’s wonderful. Because they will expect this of their wives and friends. 
T2: She is saying that your children are very lucky to have you as an example. Their future will be much better because of you. They can do much better. 
I2: Daughters and sons 
T: Yes both, your sons and daughters will do well. 
I: What does that mean “Meye ebong chele”?
T: Meye means daughter 
I: Yes
T: … and chele is son. 
W: Previously our work was only restricted to spaces within the households and rearing our children. But now along with that we also rear cows. This also gives us an extra income. 
T: So they are saying that their husbands work outside the home. But through this work they can take care of their families as well as earn money without hampering anything. They said they are earning their own money. 
(1:40:04)
I2: You see they are taking care of their children, even now as we speak. 
T2: Yes yes. They are doing everything. Taking care of their children, taking care of their house. Everything. 
I: In English there is a saying that “if you want something done, ask a busy man”. But really what you have done is as a woman. 
I2: You see they are taking care of their children, even now as we speak. 
T2: Yes yes. They are doing everything. Taking care of their children, taking care of their house. Everything. 
I: In English there is a saying that “if you want something done, ask a busy man”. But really what you have done is as a woman. 
---------
W: We tell ourselves that it must be good. 
T2: They said that the new members take their recommendations. 
I: I’m sure. I’m sure. It is a proper collective.
And are you making anything particular with the milk? Like sweets? 
T2: What do you do with your leftover milk? Do you make something with or just consume?
Women echo: No we sell it in the market. 
T2: She is asking is you make sweets or any other milk products? 
W: No, that will mean an added expenditure. We need to ensure that there is money to feed the cows. 

MOHAMAD ALUADIN, LOCAL SCHOOL IN PANCHAGARH PROVINCE

TC: SOMETIME AFTER 1:40
I: Amazing! Could you ask what his name is and what his position is? 
T: Please repeat everything that you told me a while back. 
M: I am Mohamad Alauddin. I am the main teacher at …. Darikabari Teenshoy Promothom Bidylay (unclear). My school got established in the year 1958. It includes primary to class 8.  
I: Can you ask him about the school and when it started? 
T: He has already said that. 
I: I know, but…
T: How many students?
M: There are 255 pupils in my school. 
I: Can you ask him more widely about what the education system is like in Bangladesh?
T: Repeats in Bengali
(Stop: 1:42:23)
 (Start: 1:42:25)  
M: Our education system is geared towards younger pupils. It is child friendly. 
I: What did he say?
T: He said that it is kid-friendly atmosphere. It is kid-friendly curriculum so that they can learn more. 
I: Can he tell me what he thinks a school is for?
T: Repeats in Bengali. 
M: A school is meant to bring development in the area. It is meant to improve the education standard of the area. The only medium for a person to get educated and progress in life is a school. There aren’t many schools in the area and most people in this area are very poor, so most people come to this school to learn. This school also runs a mid-day meal scheme which is availed by not just poor children but everyone. They all eat here. 
I: What did he say?
T: He said that because there are no other educational institutions here most children come here. The school mainly is a foundation…. 
M: They stay adjacently…
T: ….of learning, to become a good citizen for the country. So all that. That’s why educational learning in school is important. 
I: Could you ask him what he thinks are the biggest obstacles to learning for children…
T: In Bangladesh?
I: ….in Bangladesh. 
T: She is asking what are the biggest obstacles to learning for children in Bangladesh according to you?
M: The biggest obstacles for children in that guardians lack consciousness. Moreover there’s an aspect of poverty. Although the conditions are better now poverty acts as an obstacle. But mostly people lack consciousness. For instance they don’t understand the importance of education. They don’t realise that education will make children better human beings. 
(1:45:00)
T: So he’s saying that most parents are not conscious to send their children to school. And another thing is that mostly children are poor. Poverty is one of the main reason not to send them to school. 
I: Can you ask him do many children not complete after year 8?
T: She is asking if a lot of children drop out after class 8? Are there instances of children not being able to sustain education?
M: Yes….
T: Or do they continue further?
M: There are not many cases of drop-outs now. 
T: They go on to class 9,10….?
M: Not here. They complete their education till class 8 over here. 
T: So you are saying that after that also they continue? They take their SSCs etc?
M: Yes they go on to high schools from here. 
T: Currently the ration is very low. Like the rate of drop outs after 8 is very low rather than before. 
I: This is excellent news. Can you ask him about how he sees the future of education in this country?
T: What according to you is the future of the education system in Bangladesh?
M: The current education system, Insha-allah, is set to improve even further in the future. If this current education system remains then children won’t drop out. The current prime minister, Sheikh Hasina, is very conscious about primary education particularly. She has contributed a lot towards it. Our Prime Minister has ensured that the infrastructure in primary education institutes, such as building or accommodation is maintained well. So despite a lot of issues if the government wants it can boost the education system. 
T: He is saying that our current government, our Prime Minister, is very much aware about the primary education system. So she encourages everyone to go to school, to learn and get educated. So if this continues and the current government is at it then the drop rates will decrease and more children will come to school. 
I2: Can I ask a question? We saw this morning that the assembly was very physical and everyone was moving around. What is the importance of physical movements in learning? That’s about sports. I also wanted to ask about the importance of crafts and arts as well. 
T: His question is about physical education. In the morning we saw an example of that in the assembly. How much does that contribute towards education? The second question is about crafts. So people make different things with their hands. 
M: Yes craftmanship….
T: Yes, what do you think is the its contribution towards education?
M: Okay, so the assembly in the morning is meant to improve the physical health of the children. In addition to education our school focuses on sports as well as various extra-curricular activities.  If we don’t focus on the physical health of the children then they won’t progress in other fields. In this school we also focus on the art and craft. Our school does very well in that. Recently we held the Bijoy Shapla celebrations in our school. And our school did very well in that field too. 
(Stop: 1:49:09)
(Start: 1:49:12)	
T: How does this help the children?
M: This introduces an element of fun in the process of education. They are really excited to make something creative. 
T: He is saying that when they start their school in the morning, the physical activities give them boost to start their education. They also have different sports during their school time. And this creativity gives them pleasure and enthusiasm for learning. 
I2: I have one final question, which is how long has he been a teacher and how long has he been working here in the school? 
(01:50:04)
T: His last question is that how long have you been a teacher and how long have you been working here?
M: I have been a teacher since 1983 and I came to this school in 2009. 
T: He has been a teacher since 1983, so 35 years. And he has been in this school from 2009. 
I and I2: Thank you. 
M: Thank you. 
01:50:4:Audio moves to a new setting 




ADULT LEARNERS AND THEIR TEACHER, TEATULIA

01:50:4:Audio moves to a new setting 
T: It will catch your sound. 
W: Okay 
T: He will ask you questions in a loud voice, so you can also answer loudly. 
W: Okay
T: Look at the person when you speak. 
(hushed muttering) W: Sit straight 
T: You are going to ask the question which I will translate to the teacher and teacher is going to direct the questions to them. Right? 
I: Yes, see how it goes. 
(People talking in the background, but it is not clearly discernible what they are saying)
M: He will ask us questions which I will direct to you. Is that okay?
W and W2: Yes, okay
(hushed muttering) W: I think he will mostly ask about the classes. How frequently they are held, what we do etc. 
T: So what you will need to ask them is one, for how long they have been studying here and two, what have they learnt from here? First the two of you should introduce yourselves and then tell us how long they have been studying here and what they have learnt. For instance one of you will answer first by saying your name and then say how long you have been here. Then the next person will say the same. 
W: What is your name?
W2: Mosammad Mollika Begum. I have been studying her for 6 months. 
W: What have you learnt here?
W2: After coming here I have learnt to identify letters and numbers. Such as 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 
W: Okay okay, that’s fine. 
(The translator is heard at the background conveying this. The voice is extremely faint). 
W: Answer one at a time. 
(Hushed muttering among the women. They are talking about feeling nervous)
W: He also asked about how long you have been studying here from. But you did not answer this. The device is recording. 
(01:55:22)
T: You will tell us now about two of your students who are here. Please tell us how long they have been studying here from and what have they learnt here. 
You need to first introduce yourself. Say that you are a teacher here and then introduce them. Then tell us how long they have been studying here? Then tell us what they have learnt here. Also tell us about what they are good at. 
W: My name is Munni. I teach two batches in a year which run for 6 months each. The first batch runs from January to June. The second batch runs from July to December. This is the 23rd batch being taught. This batch is about to end in June and the new batch will begin in July. 
(The translator is heard at the background conveying this. The voice is extremely faint).
T: Okay, now introduce them to us. 
W: Okay. These two are my students. I have been teaching them for 6 months. Her name is Rashida. And her name is Ajeema. 
T: Repeats in English. 
Okay so what is your name?
W: Ajeema
T: And you are Rashida?
W: Yes
T: Okay Ajeema tell us first. How is Munni as a teacher? And as a teacher what do you like the most about her? What attracts you the most in her teaching? First Ajeema speak, then Rashida speak. 
(This is repeated again to the girls)
Ajeema: I like to study, sir. Earlier I did not know any of this. Earlier I did not know how to sign my name, but now my teacher has taught me this. I work to earn my living. Earlier I did not know how to keep a record of my work hours. But now I am able to record that. I have learnt to count, sign my name.
Munni: Okay, now tell them what is the thing you like about me?  
Ajeema: I like the whole experience of education. Earlier I did not know any of this, but now, through adult education I have learnt all of this.
T: What do you like about her teaching?
Ajeema: Her teaching. 
(The translator is heard at the background conveying this. The voice is extremely faint).
T: And now you say. What do you like about your teacher? What skill do you think she has as a teacher?
Rashida: Earlier I did not know how to sign my name, but my teacher has taught me that. I have learnt to identify letters. I like learning about the basic letters. I like to learn this from my teacher, she is very good. 
T: So you mean that she takes good care in teaching?
A and R: Yes
(The translator is heard at the background conveying this. The voice is extremely faint).
T: Munni, so we want to ask you about your class teaching. How do you teach your class? For instance a while back we observed you teaching a class. They were the repeating the letters after you. So is your technique to continuously repeat the letters like this?
Munni: I write them on the board. Sometimes I call out students one by one. Like this I have taught the basic letters and numbers. One by one I ask them to write on the board. 
T: What is someone is lagging behind?
Munni: Then I insist that they write on the board. 
(Stop: 02:00:10)
Then I also ask them to write on their slates. For those lagging behind I tell them to continuously practice on their slates. This way they are able to be at pace with the others. It is important that they keep pace with others and not lag behind. Everyone needs to progress together. 
(Start: 02:00:26)
T: She said that she follows an individual grooming approach. She writes on the board and asks everyone to follow. If anyone falls behind she pays them special attention. She takes good care of those lagging behind. She insists that they learn by writing on their slates.  
 (The translator is heard speaking to the interviewer who asks more questions. The voice is extremely faint). 
T: Okay, you answer one question. So in the morning you go to the plantation around 7am and work there till 2pm. You eat your lunch after work. After that when you come here how do you feel? Do you like studying here? Do you find it to be a difficult experience? Or do you come here against your will? Or do you feel actively interested to come here? 
W: Tell them you feel actively interested. 
W1: I feel actively interested to come here. I like to learn tables and letters. When I get stuck I get good guidance. We get a lot of good care here. 
(The translator is heard speaking to the interviewer who asks more questions. The voice is extremely faint). 
T: So many of us were sent to school forcefully in our childhood. A lot of us did not willingly join school when we were young. But for you, when you come here do you feel like you are being forced? Do you feel compelled to complete the lessons despite your lack of willingness? Or do you take interest in studying along with the rest? Do you enjoy studying? 
W: I am definitely interested in studying. And I try very hard to learn.  
I: What’s the most difficult?
T: When do you classes here what is the biggest difficulty you face? For instance some people find it challenging to write. Both of you have been studying here for 6 months, what has been the most difficult part of this training? Is the writing or learning the alphabets or difficulty in signing your name, what have you found difficult? Please tell us in details. 
W: Sir, our teacher tries very hard. I feel bad that I am not able to pick up what she teaches. But I feel like it’s a hardship that I’m undertaking for getting myself educated. 
W1: So tell them that you can write the letters.
T: And what about you?
W1: Tell them that you can now write.
W2: Now I am gradually learning to write. I can write all the letters now. 
T: She said that everything was tough in the beginning. She came here to make that easy. She learnt to write, to sign etc. She is saying that now she can write a little bit of the Bengali alphabets.   
(The translator is heard speaking to the interviewer who asks more questions. The voice is faint). 
T: Munni why have you chosen this profession? 
Munni: From a very young age I wanted to be a teacher. I really like to teach young children. So when I got a chance here I took that up. 
T: But they are not young children. 
Munni: Yes, I am lucky in way. I thought that it will be a good chance to start with them. It is a good test of my skills. Sometimes I find it more challenging to teach adults compared to the children, but I like the overall experience. When they face difficulty in reading or writing something, I intervene. Although I would have been happier if I got a government job, this job too gives me satisfaction. I really like teaching them, like listening to what they say. I notice that despite facing several difficulties they try really hard, I really like that. They get stuck in reading, but despite that keep trying. Similarly, they get stuck in writing, but keep trying despite that. 
(2:05:26)
T: Do you feel proud of them?
Munni: Yes. I feel really proud of them. 
T: She is saying that she is very proud of her students. She wanted to be a teacher when she was younger. She wanted to be a teacher of young students. So I asked her why did you want to be a teacher then. So she said that although it is more challenging to teach adults, she has accepted this challenge with full integrity and this how she is fulfilling her dreams. 
I2: Can you ask them if they can write their names?
T: Yes they can. 
(Conversation between interviewers and translators on their teaching observations earlier. They mentioned that they saw the girls writing their names). 
I: Can we film how they sign consent forms?
I2: Have we asked all the questions that we wanted to? Do you have any other questions? 
T: How many children do you have?
W: Repeats to the girls. 
W1: 2 children
T: Son or daughter? 
W1: One son and one daughter. 
T: One boy and one girl. 
And what about you?
W2: I have 3 children. 2 daughters and 1 son. 
T: Repeats in English.
How old is your son? What does he do? 
W1: My son is married. 
T: What does he do?
W1: He works in people’s houses. Sometimes he works as a agricultural labourer. 
T: And what about your children?
W2: They are studying now. One is in class 6 and the other is in class 8.
T: Which one the girl or the boy?
W2: Both, one is in class 6 and the other is in class 8. 
T: One girl in class 6 and one girl in class 8. 
And her son is working in agricultural fields and does not go to school.  
I: Goes to school or not?
T: No he does not go to school. 
I: Do they have any dreams for them?
T: Do dreams do you have for your two daughters? So the daughters who is in class 6 will take the SSC exam very soon right? Or is there any other exam before that? 
W2: No she will take the SSC exam. 
T: Okay after SSC she will take the HSC?
W2: Yes
T: So what dreams for you have for her after that?
W2: My dream is that they will study well. After their education they will get good jobs. Whether it’s in teaching or in the police….. They will be our helping hands. This is what we want.  
T: She is saying that when they grow up they will have jobs. Decent jobs. Whether its police or a teacher, her dream is that they get good jobs. 
T: So one of your daughter is in class 6 and the other is in class 8, after school are you keen that they study honours?
W2: Yes, why not. If they progress in their studies then I will encourage them to study more. This will enable them to get good jobs independently. 
T: I am asking this because in our country women’s education is not encouraged much. Our purpose here is to make a film on education. Many people still don’t take women’s education seriously, we want to know what you think. There are many, for instance, who let their daughters study till say class 7 and after that get them married. Do you also think the same way? 
W2: No 
T: Okay, so you think that you will educate them within your means? Is that correct?
W2: Yes. 
T: So I asked that there are people who get their daughters married early. They don’t spend money on their daughter’s education. So I asked if this is also how they think. She said no, she wants to get their daughters well educated. She wants them to go into higher studies and get a good job. 
(2:10:16)
No I did not ask about her son. 
T: Okay, so you have 3 children, two daughters and one son. What does your son do? 
W2: He is in kg, he is 6 years old. 
T: Okay so he goes to school? So all your 3 children go to school?
T to I: All her children are in school.
W2: Yes 
T: What dreams do you have for your son? 
W2: I will educate him too. If he is capable then I dream that he will study honours. Similarly he too can apply for teaching jobs or in the police. I wish that he is able to choose a good life for himself. 
I: I think that’s great. Can you ask them if we can film them signing their names? 
T: Is there a slate somewhere? 
Munni: Yes, sir. 
T: We would like to see them sign their names on the slate. Can they do that?
Munni: Yes, they can. 
 02:11:24:Audio moves to a new setting 
Sounds of an ongoing lesson. The teacher is teaching the letters of Bengali alphabet. The teacher is leading and others are repeating the letters after her. 
(Stop: 2:13:00)
KAZI ANIS AHMED
Talking with Tilda, Teatulia, November 2018
03:40:54
Female	So it feels as if we are in an oasis here when we drive here up through Northern Bangladesh. Can you speak about how this oasis came to be?
Answer
Male 	It happened organically you know. My father had built a factory in this district in the mid-eighties and we as a family used to come up here year after year and at some point he thought he wanted to do more in this area, create more employment for people in this area.  And we need this land, we need this area, it is actually the sandy soil. The soil is very sandy and it is not easy to farm. So there was nothing here.  Now you look around and you see all these trees. This was completely arid. So he thought sandy soil is good for tea.  You can’t do usual farming but you could do tea planting. So that is when in 2000 he started building this garden and then a few years later I got involved in this project and over time we have built it so that we have all these trees, not only the tea plants, but all these shade trees. 
	
Comment
Female	And they are [?] trees, anti-pesticides 

Answer	They are [?] trees, exactly. They are herbal trees and actually we have over a hundred different types of indigenous Bangladeshi trees planted throughout this garden.

Question	But I understood that you generally grow tea on a slope?

Answer	Yes people do that because they want the water to drain off and the sandy soil gives you the same effect. The water won’t log, it won’t stick around too long.  So that is why you can have tea on plain land as well. 

Question	But this land when your grandfather started it must have been pretty arid and how did he booster it?

Answer	Well it was my father and the way he did it was putting a lot of organic matter into the ground. Putting a lot of leguminous crop which helped with nitrogen fixation.  And that crop would itself die and become mulch.  And over time as this process went on year after year the surface of the soil started becoming nutrient rich. So that is how this arid soil was turned hospitable. And then because you had mulch you had microbes and other small life coming in and once you had insects and worms you had birds coming in and a whole ecosystem has come about.  

	One of the most amazing things is I have talked to farmers who live in neighbouring villages who are maybe in their 70s or 80s now and they say ‘You know when we were children we remember we had foxes, rabbits, snakes in this area and that over the years we saw them disappear’.  And since the emergence of this garden in the last decade or so they are saying they are seeing those things again.  Life coming back.

Question	But that takes real patience and vision on the part of your grandfather but my understanding was that he said, give me seven years?

Answer	Yeah, it takes time and part of our philosophy is actually taken from this great Japanese pioneer of organic farming for [?] and he summed up his philosophy in three simple words, do nothing farming.  We think of doing so much, but you know no one did anything for the Amazon. No one did anything for the Congo. No one did anything for the S[?] and you have tremendous richness that has come about by itself. Of course in years of farming like this, you must do a little something but you also have to trust nature itself and let it generate life, let it keep nurturing itself.

03:46:23
Question	Beautiful. And tell me something about cows and the relationship between this land and cows now because it is a close relationship?

Answer	Yeah and it is ultimately something that brings together human relationship. Because one of the unique things about our garden is that it was built from scratch only since 2000. And most tea gardens are much, much older. And as a new garden in a new area where there were no tea gardens before, we took a very different approach. Other gardens throughout the region they have traditional labour who were brought in there a long time ago and generation after generation of working there, there was no such population here and we didn’t want to bring in outside population like that. 

So we started inviting people in our neighbouring villages to come and work with us. And many of them loved that opportunity because there wasn’t enough economic activity here. And many people told us you know these women they don’t have the scales, they won’t be as good a plucker  as those in traditional regions and that is where my father was very patient. He said, okay, so I will get a few kilos less a day and that is fine, but I want to work with people who are already there, because I promised them that if you let me plant it here you will work here. And that is exactly what is happening. So these women who work here at some point we felt, we need a lot of fertiliser and for that we need a lot of cow dung and we can’t go on becoming a massive dairy. So we started giving cows to these women and they pay us back in cow dung and milk. So it is a very sort of natural who needs what kind of relationship.

Question	And it’s a business relationship?

Answer	It’s a business relationship. They take the cows, it is on a loan which is paid back usually over two years in the form of a certain quantity of milk and cow dung. The surplus they get to keep and they get to use. If there is calving, they get to keep the calf and they instantly become more asset rich.  And most of the women who have joined our co-operative of which there are now 5,000 members, they are all from the surrounding villages. You don’t even have to work in the garden to be a member of the co-op. So whoever wants to participate they can and we get what we need from them in the form of milk and cow dung and it goes on enriching the land. And in the process we have now this rich relationship with them on another front.

Question	And also enriching the society because you are creating or you are encouraging matriarchies also ?

Answer	Absolutely, absolutely and some of these women are such tremendous success stories now. I remember one of the very first women who took this loan almost ten years ago, hers was a very typical fairly humble house at the time with wood fired stove. If you go to her house now it is beautifully built with proper roofing, solar power, nice compound. Her husband works for her now because she has I think eight or more cows that need more people to take care of them.  So there is real prosperity being created for many of these households.

Question	And her daughters see this example and her sons also see this example?

Answer	Yeah absolutely. I personally know women in our co-op who have now been able to put their children through university, not just school in an area where once upon a time, 20 years ago, many kids never even went to school. So there is a real transformation going on.
03:50:59
Question	And can you talk a little bit about the fact that it is women only who pick the tea here, is that generally the case?

Answer	In tea gardens in this region traditionally it has been women’s work to pluck the tea.  And because women do do a lot of particular kinds of householder agricultural work and they have those skills.  Which is also why the cows were given to the women because traditionally in the rural households, it is the women who take care of the domestic animals, pets. Often they will have a vegetable patch, whereas the men they go out and work in the farming fields or other labour.

Question	And describe to us the nature of the work of picking because I understand it is incredibly geometrically precise and demands great physical skill and intelligence?

Answer	Absolutely, it takes tremendous deftness.  And we feel so proud that the same women who were once doubted, that, can they do this work? They don’t traditionally come from this experience. They are now expert pickers and if you look at this bush here and the women who are picking over there, each bush, the top has fresh sprout and the two leaves and a bud is what you are supposed to pick. And they have the position of view so that they can quickly spot which ones are ready and they won’t spoil any tops that are not ready yet.  Whereas an inexperienced picker like me, if I try it I might end up ruining the bush in the next sprouting. So they will pick it up very quickly, precisely.  So you will get the kind of tender leaves you want, while keeping the bush intact. And for what we call the CTCT, they will pluck 25-30 kilos a day, whereas for orthodox which is sort of more prized, they can still pick 12-15 kilos a day. I am pretty sure that if I spent an entire day I would pick not more than 1-2 kilos and leave the bushes in a sad state of ruin.  So this is tremendous skill.

Question	Shall we walk back down towards them maybe.  So how do these women learn this skill?  When do they start and who teaches them?

Answer	So what we did was when they first started, since no one in this area were expert pluckers we did bring in a few expert pluckers from other regions who know how to do it and they would do it and they would show these women. And these women started doing it. But now that we are in the 14th year of plucking, these women are the experts who are teaching new women that this is how you do it.

Question	So how old would? 
END

DRUMDUAN

TILDA AND IAN

TILDA’S KITCHEN, FEBRUARY 2018

Female	I wondered if we should try and talk about how this all began and we don’t know the answers but tease them out for ourselves?

Answer
Male	I guess it depends how far back you want to go [too quiet to hear......] kids joining.	

Question	I was thinking it started in a way to be really scrupulous. For me it started before I had kids and I remember in my very last term of school being asked my opinion of something and nearly falling off my chair and thinking oh, that is an option. And wouldn’t that have been nice for the last ten years. And that planted a tiny seed. And then I remembered having children and loving everything about it and loving everything about what the future held except for the fact they would probably have to go to school at some point. And I just had a sort of mind freeze about where I could bear to put them to be educated. So I started reading about alternative education and miraculously living up here in the highlands of Scotland and discovered there were not only one, but at that stage two Steiner Schools in the North of Scotland, Aberdeen sadly no longer exists, [?] school. And I remember taking them at 18 months into the Steiner School. The first thing I saw was the rope swing and the bursar at that time took John and I around the school and we ended up having a conversation, on the rope swing, the three of us with these 18 month olds playing. But the really telling thing which I think for me is the route of Drumduan  was meeting teenagers in the school who met our eyes and said, hello can we help you? Where would you like to go? And that was a big shock somehow to meet teenagers with that attitude.

Male	And the same teenagers of course who [?] were quite happy at the age of 15 to dance around the maypole and when I saw that I remembered thinking, any school that can make a 15 year old [?] dance around a maypole must be doing something unusual. But it is interesting for me for me I have a different lead into Steiner education because schools for me effortlessly easy  [too quiet to hear.....] it never occurred to me school might be a problem for children [too quiet to hear.....] after 3-4 years there I realised that my son Gabriel was just ...... he was going to school stuffing his head with knowledge and doing nothing physical. He became a head on stick really.

Female	How old?

Male	At this time he was about 7-8.

Question	So he went at 5?

Male	He went at 5 and was a real tyre changer. Did everything he had to in conventional schooling terms. But I began to realise that my son was a bit of a mess. And that is when we started looking around and I was astonished to find the Steiner school. I genuinely had never heard of Steiner education. So we came to visit the school and saw [too quiet to hear.....] and the other thing we saw that really blew me away, some of the students were building, they dug a great hole in the ground ......... teenagers dancing around. And realised then it was something ....... So we put Gabriel into class for a trial for a week and at the end of the second day we were really astonished to find he was coming home and 
[too quiet to hear.....] and I don’t think we had seen him talking to siblings in the last 3-4 years. So he was coming home with different outlook. And by the end of the first week it was felt like he had been there forever and I remember speaking to Christophe who was Gabriel’s teacher at the time and Christophe said exactly that. Gabriel feels like he belongs here, like has always been here.  So that was him.  A high achiever.

Question	And I remember you were living in Inverness and used to bring Gabriel here. And you were 20 minutes away from school and you would take Gabriel on. And I remember noticing Gabriel week in, week out just becoming more chatty, happier, happier and happier.

Answer	Yes we would take your kids to school and yeah it was a revelation because it was the first time use two parents, the concept of having your children happy in school doesn’t occur a lot.

Female	No it doesn’t because I think for so many people it is a given that being unhappy is part of the deal. I really do. I mean not miserably necessarily although I think that is also true for some people especially people who are determined to find some sort of peace for the fact that they were really, really miserable themselves and it surely had to have done them some good.  So they will prove it themselves by seeing their children survive it. 

13:46:01	 I mean there is something about surviving things which is what life is all about.  I have respect for that. But I think you are right, I think the idea of being happy and connected and engaged is for a lot of people that is not what childhood is all about. Childhood is about being disengaged.  I mean I certainly had a measure of that experience. But obviously not so much that I didn’t have this niggling fantasy about it being different.  And seeing I mean I remember when our children were 12 and their next birthday was 13, we would bump into people in the street and they would say, oh your birthday is coming up, how old are you going to be? And they would say 13. And people would say ohhhhhhh and look at us. And I remember on a couple of occasions when we parted they would turn to us and say, what is going to happen to us? What is going to happen when we are 13? And they really were beginning to carry that stuff. And of course one of the most extraordinary things about this curriculum is it prepares the adults around a child to watch out for something earlier, something at 9, 10 which is when people start to think of themselves as individuals, they start to see that they are like their classmates in one way, but different in this particular way, like the siblings in this way, but different in this way, they are like their family in this way, but this bit different. And that is when you see them on the stairs looking a bit glum and say what it up?  And before that time they have always said, my brother kicked me, or I have lost my ball or I have got a headache. And now at this age 9,10 they say, I don’t know and start this kind of existential crisis.  

	This curriculum prepares you for that as a parent and teachers. So if you can hold your child through that their teenage years are theirs you know, they don’t belong to someone else. And they are not just sitting racking their fingers waiting for it to pass.

Male	Which of course brings us to where we find ourselves a few years later when we have got children who are coming up to mid adolescence and the school they were at would normally finish at 14,15. And my older boy Gabriel hit that threshold and ended up going to Gordonstone because there was nowhere to continue at the Steiner school.  And you and I came up with the not very revolutionary notion that it would make sense to carry on to 18. And of course people who tried it before and it hadn’t quite worked. So there was a degree of resistance. But the argument was so persuasive and compelling that you must be able to offer parents and families the ability to carry on that enriching curriculum and education all the way to 18. Which is where Drumduan commits to of course. Because Drumduan upper school became the upper school for the Steiner school.

Female	So we were standing under the trees by the famous rope swings and our children I would say.  So you have two and I have twins and they were all in the same year. So that is four between us in a group of 12. So we were a hefty portion the two of us or the two families and we were looking at our incredibly happy 12 year olds, 13 year olds going this is going to end in two years. They are going, they are not going to be able to continue and we just started to visualise continuing it and as you say people have tried before and there were. I mean we had to listen, we listened gratefully to so many arguments against it.  I mean originally the very compelling argument that the school at the time wasn’t financially robust enough to expand itself which was really for real. And we took that very seriously. And then there was from some teachers point of view there was a very interesting argument which was children need a break at that point. They want to step out, they want an adventure of some kind. They want to, in any case they want to feel they are somewhere other than their 7 year old brothers and sisters and they want to feel a bit more grown up and take some risks maybe. So we did listen to that. 

Male	And we were fortunate of course because the physical arrangement and campus we were working in gives the ability to do that because we were in to locate the upper school on an elevated area which just physically separated from the lower school for students to feel they had graduated and gone somewhere else.

Female	So our original idea was always that it would be one school, but when it became apparent that that wasn’t going to be possible in the short term, we went okay, we will start an upper school but it will be separate. By that time and as it happened it was not only for the upper school, but also to help out the lower school. On the other side of the drive was this field and hill.  And we had already managed to buy that hill and we used to drive up and down do you remember you and I, we would drive up to deposit our children at the lower school and look left and see the school which you have designed as an architect quite fine detail.  Cunningly disguised like 007 scenario.  Yeah.

13:51:01
Male	Of course what we recognised as well, although we were nudged into a situation where we set up a separate company for the upper school, the reality for parents and anyone looking from outside is that it wasn’t integrated educational campus. So whatever separation legally or corporately existed in the backroom, nobody saw that, what they saw was a campus to come and students could stay from the age of 3 to age 19 in the one place and get the same education.  And it is interesting because just kicking back to my oldest boy Gabriel who started off in a high achieving school and then had this blossoming period in the Steiner school, of course because we didn’t have the upper school, he then went back to the same kind of education he had come from, he went to Gordonstone which has got many, many qualities that we admire. But for him it was a step back into academia. And I saw the difference in him, I saw the change in him.  That development that was taking place in him in the [?] education kind of was sharply curtailed. In the middle of his lessons probably at a period when he had a tremendously potentially very important stage of development. And our younger ones of course were blessed enough to have the upper school.

Female	But it is really interesting thinking it through like this because since we are discussing this, it is so clear to me that Drumduan was born not only out of this desire not only in us but in other parents and in some teachers to see it happen. But also out of the difficulties that we faced because had we been able, had the lower school been in a more robust financial situation, had there been more confidence in the project of making an integrated campus all the way up to 18/19, I think we would have missed something which is this real honouring of the leap of this step at that age. It would have been maybe too seamless or we would have, because we are seeing now with our, particularly with our graduates because our children have now left., they left last summer and they are the first year of graduates. We saw with them and we are seeing now with their successors that that step, that leap, that different  identity is really significant. And I think what it has meant, is that Drumduan, the upper school, managed to route itself in this pioneering identity not just a Steiner education going up to 18/19 but a  new look at education as a whole. And now we have been able because and we will relate the tail, we now run the whole school from, earlier than we expected, about ten years earlier than we expected, but we do. We are able to take that stream of pioneering attitude all the way through. So it is clear that we are not just talking about a Steiner school that goes up to 18/19, we are talking about something very fresh and new which we might not, I mean kept in hindsight, but we might not have been able to coin in a way that we were forced to coin it because we were this slightly uni-bomber survivalist tiny operation with originally 14 kids, 7 girls and 7 boys starting as the Drumduan upper school in rented accommodation in one room down in the [?] centre. I think we grew some great antibodies then which we are now able to take through the whole curriculum so it has all worked out really very well.

Male	That is true. I am reading an interesting book just now and one of the standard questions, to a whole range of interviewees is what has been the most interesting set back in the new development that has turned out. And we have found ourselves developing quite an unusual school. I suspect we were heading there anyway, but we have got turbo charged into that solution quite quickly. But the period you mentioned, that embryonic first year down in the [?] centre that was very interesting because we were really [?] by dint of circumstance we had everything happening in one room, we only had one room. So we were like quick change artists chemistry lab....[laughing] two hours later fabric, two hours later canoe building, two hours later electrics. [laughing]
13:55:09
Female	Maths. Next minute it is meditation.

Male	And all crazy things happening outside. So it was interesting. And then of course campus. We were still really boot strapping in one temporary portable building and still are. 

Female	And something else we can be grateful to Gordonstone for is Gordonstone which is handsomely funded institution, put in temporary buildings after the war as classrooms and they are still using them, as there is nothing wrong with them. And they work.

Male	They have gone down into the ground.

Female	So we were quite inspired by that. But let’s just go back one tiny step.  Very crucial step to the point that gets us from under the trees visualising this. Through countless meetings with countless parents and teachers and the entire community who love the Marie Steiner school. So much love this education in this particular area, to the point at which we decide to go it alone and our realisation that we needed a teacher.  And where we found that teacher and how we found that teacher. Because that is really important. We knew that we needed someone who could not only design and nourish this vision, but spearhead it in this pioneering way.

Male	It is interesting, really interesting. And that is part of an even bigger world view that you and I have which is still extremely relevant in the kind of school we are running today and that is we were convinced that if you were looking to generate any kind of forward movement then you needed an organisation that had leadership and was not a consensual sitting in a circle discussing things endlessly until everyone agreed. So we had a structure where effectively you and I were leadership and we had support of fabulous parents and that gave a lot of muscle to the movement. But it was still the idea to get somewhere you need someone who has a sense of direction and what you have just said about the teacher is exactly in that vein. Because once we had the organisation moving and the form of momentum we realised the education needed to be dealt with in the same way.  So we were looking for really an educational leader. And as you say it was interesting, we found him and where we found him was back into the inspirational teacher that my son Gabriel had in Marie Steiner school, Christophe who had taken his class through from kindergarten to age 12,13,14 as you do in the Steiner system. Maybe not everyone realises that, but of course your class teacher starts when you join school and takes you all the way through from class one right through. And that same teacher ....... your guardian really for that whole period. And a lot of teachers don’t make the whole journey as it is very, very hard, it is a long journey, but Christophe did and came out the other end and then went to New Zealand and worked in [?] school in Wellington.

Female	Which is also a Steiner school

Male	Another very, very highly respected Steiner school. 

Female	But it was a form of sabbatical for him and he was working then not as a class teacher but as a craft teacher.  

Male	That’s right and doing an arts degree. 

Female	And when we were talking about this fantasy teacher, we started to slip into this habit of saying, someone like Christophe, if we could find someone like Christophe and then I do remember clearly one day just saying, where is he, in New Zealand, why don’t we write to him and ask him. And it happened to be one of those beautiful serendipitous moments when it was exactly right for him. He was thinking about coming back to Scotland anyway as his children were here and he also. We helped him to come out about his fantasies about upper school education and it was an amazing moment.  And then there was that beautiful story he always tells about which he, about the book where he was thinking about this decision, we gave him a lot of time to think about it. It was a mega decision for him. And while playing with the idea, then, well if I am going to be going back into educating as a class teacher then there will probably be some kind of recorder involved. And went into the typically for Christophe, bargain book shop in Wellington to find a book on recorder and found a book in the bargain bin with a sticker saying, [?] whatever and on the front of this book recorder was a photograph of the very class our children’s class that he was coming back to teach. Obviously this photograph had been taken at some event and had been fed into the database of children playing the recorder. And it ended up on the front of this book. So that was a sort of hole in one for him.  And he was on board.  

Male	And he is still onboard.

Female	And he is still onboard. So we went, we rented two rooms I would say and one classroom and one room for staff for the operations in the Murray Arts centre in [?] This first class, 7 boys and 7 girls started. And one of the things that I would say was one of our first realisations that this new pioneering, that we were in a new land, rather than just being a slightly displaced continuation of the Marie Steiner school was when we started getting children in to the upper school who hadn’t had a Steiner education. That was a first tell for us that this was something that wasn’t just something we wanted and something that families whose children had come through Steiner education wanted to continue. But that families whose children were not were looking for. And that was a big wake up moment for us. It would have been great 10 years ago but was now really urgent, not just for the Steiner educated already but for the wider demographic. And that has continued to grow and grow. And in many ways that is our, that is the speedboat that is pulling us along really. This feeling that this is urgent now. This isn’t just the visualisation of something we have held for a long time. This is meeting needs for people who haven’t known anything about Steiner. This is beyond Steiner now.  And so we have particularly in the upper school many students coming towards us who haven’t necessarily had a particularly rocky time, but let’s say at the very least have had a disengaged time and unengaged time and are looking for the chain to be on the bicycle.  
14:01:24
Male	And probably one of the main features in that trend of parents to be travelling, coming from other areas to the very first meeting you and I had. We had two or three core principles.  One was the one we mentioned already which is that the leadership. So we would have a head teacher, a principle teacher rather than a college or committee of teachers.

Female	Which was the first I would say break, but first evolution out of the traditional Steiner model which was again a sort of indication for us that we were interested in evolution. We were not interested in replication necessarily, we were interested in what Christophe calls meeting the emergent future.

Male	That is true and that is a major for exams.

Female	I think we have, and although we can touch back on it, but I think we actually have touched very much on where we depart, that whole pioneering aspect.

Male	Just to close off the exam thing, it is probably worth making clear that our desire to stay away from exams is because the experience of us and other educators is that when you put exams at the heart of the curriculum, then people become fixated by the end result. So what happens for example typically is you might have a teacher who is wanting to deliver something on physics and then Waldorf education, you follow where the ideas go. So there is a fluidity to the way you respond to the interest your students are showing or what might happen, where you might be. You might be out on a field trip and something leads you to want to pursue a particular topic. And you have the time and space to do it, because that is what the education is shaped like. But if you are aiming towards exams then what happens of course if that at some point in this process the teacher suddenly thinks, bloody hell we only have two months left and we have got to cover x,y,z and a,b,c and we will never manage to do all that. 

	So what do they need to complete the exam curriculum, well we had better push this stuff to the side and concentrate on this. And suddenly what you get is a fixation and tunnel vision on just the aspects of education that will get them through the exam. 

Female	Which are not chosen either by the students or the teachers which I think is a really important point. How this impacts on teachers, this measurement, this sort of detached measurement. It is not true of course that students at Drumduan are not tested. The day traditionally the school day, the education that most of us went through, will be half an hour maths, half an hour French, half an hour geography, half an hour history, half an hour PE whatever. With the upper school they will do three weeks or in some cases four weeks intensive block immersion in one subject. Three weeks land surveying, three weeks on three painters from the renaissance, it is quite enough to be going on with, whatever. And that is something very different. For the teachers as much as for the students.  One of the things we have been really heartened by is how teachers come towards us gagging to teach in this way because it is really their passion that we are asking for. 

Male	True and as you said they are being tested and being assessed in very subtle way because with each of these main lessons the teachers were writing very detailed appraisals of how the students are performing. But it is not being judged against some remote series of yardsticks set by an examining board somewhere in Whitehall or somewhere else. It is an internal series of measurements which is based on where a student should be in terms of their own personal development.  

Female	I was just remembering the feeling of taking an exam, state exam. I mean in university it was slightly different because I felt I was almost certainly being marked by people who had taught me. So I had more of a sense that I knew what was asked of me, maybe not, maybe I was delusional.  But I remember when I was at school this weird feeling of vertigo.  Of thinking I don’t know what they want, I don’t know what they are looking for and therefore you are reduced down. And I am too old to do the whole box ticking thing which apparently now is the fashionable thing in examining. You literally do, you have a list of 4-5 things and you sort of stick a pin on the donkey and you might get A’s that way if you are lucky.  But that feeling of not knowing what the measurement was, what the criterion. I don’t know it just set up in me this feeling of vertigo and a very uprooted feeling. And I am not a neurologist, but I am sure all sort of weird things start zooming around your system at that point. That feeling of not having your feet on the ground. My sense of education that we are chewing is that it gives the children this feeling that their feet are on the ground, that they know the conversation. They know the terms, they know the language within which it is all being discussed.  But do you remember that feeling?
14:06:24
Male	I don’t quite have that because I just found exams.  Just like Shakespeare. But that is no great talent, it is just something I was good at, but it made me no smarter than the guy beside me who probably wasn’t good at passing exams. 

Female	Well it means that maybe in some way you were aligned to what they were asking for. You had some sense of the vernacular or some sense of the context of what they were looking for in the exams. I was very disconnected from that. I had no idea what anybody wanted and I just remember that feeling of hollowness. It was a sense of being empty. Rather than being filled from within.  You know that awful moment at the end when the teacher says enjoy yourself and you say, what I have nothing to draw on. I have a few facts I have crammed into my skull which are only like they have got an expiration date of about a day and they are just going to disappear. I remember when my children were about 16, we were in a rock pool and my daughter fell over and hurt her knee and I came around a corner and there was her brother helping her and they were having quite in-depth conversation about knee and with all the Latin terms. And I was mightily impressed and I said have you just done the knee? And they said yeah last year and I remembered thinking when I was 16, if I had done the knee a year before I wouldn’t be able to remember a thing about any part of it let alone all the Latin terms with such ease and use them like use them as material for my living. 

Male	And it is because of the way they are being taught and you mention one of the things neurologists do insist on is the development phases in the adolescence enables our adolescence to develop fully and properly in an [?] way during that phase without the distraction and limitations exams puts on your way of thinking.  And I suppose our philosophy really that we try to get across is because that developmental phase is so important, and can’t be revisited,  that is the one you have to give priority to. You can finish at Drumduan 18/19 and then if you really are going to be an astro physicist then you have to do more exams and you can’t do them here. My son is going to be a forensic scientist. He has done his Drumduan experience, he has fully coped. He is out there like a great massive piece of blotting paper, soaking up everything that is thrown at him. And he is doing maths, physics, chemistry, biology, loving it. Because he has turned himself into a machine for thinking.

Female	That brings us to this very simple, sound of those little high heels, that dog at the back.......sit down Rose..... 
	That brings us to that very simple statement that we use very often that they have an opportunity to learn how to learn. The same is true of my son who is now also. I mean genuinely is interested in rockets and is probably heading that way at the hulking great height and age of 20 is happily getting what science qualifications he needs to study astro physics. And by the way and I know this is also true of cosmo. Just acing all the exams.  Never having done any of them. Just knows how to do them because has known how to acquire the knowledge to do them and pass them rather than being distracted by all the panic and feeling of being out with the crucible. That is the other thing, the feeling that the learning is in the child rather than out there somewhere in a text book.  Or even in the teacher that it is actually in them and they are just unspooling it. There is that wonderful thing they do in the upper school, the Washington project where they take a question they are interested in. Why is the sky blue?  Why you know do we sit upright rather than lie or whatever and examine it fully I think for three weeks and then present it to their peers and they all learn everyone else’s passion and at that age 16/17 that is such a profound thing to give them an opportunity to do. To really go into themselves and go what are you really interested in? Why are the Rolling Stones so ace or so crap or whatever. Whatever it is, anything no judgement, any question. 

14:10:50	And the practicality of filling from within rather than nursing this sort of vacuum sense which I think a lot of traditional education whether it knows it is doing it or not does protect a sense of vacuum or emptiness that you are filling that you are getting your education from somewhere else and you have to fill this bottomless pit. Or this idea of a devouring books and not taking issue with that concept. But at the heart of it there is something questionable which is you are empty. You have something that needs to be filled.

Male	Well the old cliché is teaching a man to fish or giving him a fish and we teach them to fish.    

Female	Yes we certainly do and we teach them to make knives and we teach them to grow food. Talk about unibomb our school.  

Question
Female	Can I ask something.  Just going off this. You have talked, you have talked more about your sons both of you and I am wondering not necessarily to ask you to talk specifically about your daughters, but thinking about how girls and boys are different within this system?

Answer
Female	Well when we started Drumduan upper school we had this very neatly equal class of 7 boys and 7 girls and they had all at that point come up most of them from kindergarten, the hard core of them had been together already for about 12 years.  A form of extended family.  And then as that graduated class developed we did have various people coming in and joining us both boys and girls and it is an adventure feeling the needs of these emerging young men and young women. The Steiner curriculum helps us with that.  But it is a bit of a magical mystery tour with us.  And there are all sorts of thing we have noticed about. There is a point at which the boys and girls kind of sit in their separate departments at lunchtime. And that is the world over. And then that sort of slowly gets rubbed away and they don’t do it so much. But they can do it at Drumduan in much the way they can do everywhere else.  

Male	Yeah and it is interesting. I was just thinking about the absence. I am struggling to look at our graduating year from last year and pick many distinctions. There is definitely not a boys type graduation and a girls type graduation. In my own family I can see that it so happens that my boy has gone in a kind of scientific and mathematical type direction and my daughter has gone in an arts and crafts direction. But that is not representative in the classroom, I think because we have got a boy going off to Glasgow School of art and we have another boy doing music and we have got girls doing writing.

Female	We have an education list girl.

Male	And doing vetinary surgery. So the kind of male, female gender cross over is pretty fluid. And that is good I am convinced that is good. It is not easy to look at our school and think our girls tend to do this and the boys tend to do that because that has not so far been the case. 

Female	Well if anything there is another picture which I think is fairly unusual which comes again from not doing these exams. Because when you are required to decide as so many people. I certainly was, at 12 being told you are an artist that is it, no science O’levels of any kind, that is it. Like 12 arts O’levels I don’t know what subjects they drummed up but they managed to get me to do 12 arts o’levels and no biology, no chemistry, no nothing. But by and I know I have spoken to scientists who had the same story, they did no arts at all. I don’t know whether it is quite that bad any more in state exam environments. But what you get with Drumduan graduates and this is a sort of like [?] egg, is that you get these 19/20 year olds who have never specialised. And so my daughter who is currently a volunteer in Africa, volunteer teacher in Africa for 8 months.  She can’t decide what to apply to study because if you asked her today she would probably say she is torn between embryology, English literature, philosophy, dance, history of art, neurology and five or six others. So what I mean is not only that they have very broad interests right up to the end, but also they are not really taught the difference between science and art. And that is a really important point about this education. Art and science are taught as one gesture. They are, they are taught maths, their maths lesson  is called The Beauty of Maths. It is as much a lesson in aesthetics as it is  lesson in you know pure maths. And it is also about pure maths. 

14:15:27	They are all artists. We have always said, you and I how interesting it is. I remember you pointed out at one point all the school photographs of the classes. I remember you say what is different about these photographs and we noticed that in these photographs of all the different years, the classes, not one child was wearing specs. And that of course has got something to do with no screens until 16 and has also something to do with a lot of outdoor learning. So one is constantly changing ones field of vision. 

Male	And not reading or writing.

Female	And not reading or writing until you are 7.

Male	So your eyes are allowed to fully develop without any strain.

Female	So there is that and then there is also there are two other things I noticed is that you don’t find anybody saying, I can’t sing.  I remember very clearly at school there were people that could sing and there were other people who were full of shame because they couldn’t sing. Well Drumduan children and this is true I think of Steiner education in really support the ability to sing out with your voice and your heart. And then there are no Drumduan children who can’t draw.
		
Male	And the point that you touched on about maths and science. So you look at the maths and science lesson books and there are things of art, things of beauty. So they are like, they come from Leonardo di Vinci and that is probably the best model for most of our students emerge like Leonardo di Vinci with this 180 degree breadth of vision from pure art to pure science and everything in between. 

Female	Well I remember seeing footage of a Steiner student a long time ago that really made an impact on me because my children were very young at the time and he was studying physics I think or chemistry even at Edinburgh university. And he said, I am a science nerd.  I would have been a science nerd in any school you put me into I would have been in the lab and I probably will be in the lab all my days. But I went to this Steiner school and I am a science nerd who knows how to knit and make friends and draw and sing and dance round a maypole. And he looked very happy about his life.  And that made an impact.  If you are heading for the lab then you will head for the lab, but you don’t have to cut off all your other bits. 

Male	And of course you and I have remarked many, many times on the numerous studies that show the incredibly high proportion of top class mathematicians and scientists who also happened to be [?] by this. Or accomplished artists. So the natural synergy here is somehow or other a lot of schools conspire to separate out instead of integrating as we hope to. And when you are talking about secondary school, just remembering actually I also when I got to 14 I had to choose between maths or art. And at that time I hadn’t got any aspirations to be an architect, but if I did have what the hell are you supposed to choose if you want to be an architect, that is the synthesis of science and art.  I chose art and dropped science. 

Female	It just occurred to me that that is the point at which, when is it you are encouraged to specialise, to cut that bit off yourself.  I think it is not that far off the moment that 9-10 year crisis that the Steiner curriculum looks at, that we talked about where you need to really hold people because they are having some kind of existential reckoning with their individuality which is the point at which our curriculum is actually expanding. It is doing the very, very opposite to cutting off a whole side of yourself. And in terms of my children it has been really interesting. They are twins, they are a boy and a girl. And like most siblings, but I think particularly twins they have done a sort of very, they wouldn’t like me saying any of this by the way. They are down with me talking about this. A sort of dance about I’ll be good at this and you be good at the opposite and never the twain shall meet, that sort of thing. But that only lasted for only so long and they have you know, who knows who is, my science boy is actually becoming more interested in arts than I ever saw my daughter being in many ways even though she has a great talent for drawing and she is the one who wants to be a neurologist. So it is all spiralling in a very organic and well rounded way.

Male	And interestingly again that comes back to another of the key things we try to convey to the students and to parents which is there really isn’t a rush to be whatever it is you are going to be. Because this skirmishing period, the adolescence, to start with such a massively long journey who knows what people are going to be. That is our one key challenge with families is when we come back to the whole issue about exams and progress through life and suitability for further education etc. It is this thing about there really isn’t a rush. Do the right things now, it doesn’t matter. In fact I in my own business I always say to clients if I give you the wrong solution early you will never forgive me.  The right solution a little bit late you will always be indebted because you are living with the right solution. And it is the same with students here. And they need to chill out and relax and realise that along with their parents that there is no rush, no real hurry. 

14:20:28
Female	Do you remember we always used to, I used to say it as a joke, but actually the more I think about it, I think it is not really, it is quite a serious point. I used to say that the sort of by-line on the bottom of our poster would be Drumduan the school that teaches you how to be 50. And what I meant by that was there are plenty of educational systems that prepare you to be maximum I would say 28. They will teach you to do your O’levels and A’levels and get into university, graduate, maybe you do your masters and get your first job and maybe your second job.  And that is it. Your addiction to this feeling of assessment and passing and jumping over these hoops and somehow ticking the box runs aground really early in life. And if you don’t have the equipment to get beyond, I am serious 28, then things are going to get really rough, particularly sounding like my grandmother, this day and age where as we know most people will. But their generation, our graduates generation they will most of them probably have at least four career paths, separate career paths in their lives, possibly concurrently.  There is a need to be self sufficient and flexible and so have your knees bent and know yourself is probably more important now than ever.  

Male	And it is probably the truth it is in your 40s and 50s that sometimes life starts to bite you in the backside because if things, if you haven’t built things in the right foundation then maybe your marriage is not working out, maybe your job hasn’t worked out for you. You picked the wrong career and you haven’t got the promotion and you haven’t done whatever you thought you were going to do and you really need to have the resources, your own resources to fall back on.  So I am sure that most of our graduates are becoming the kind of people who firstly will hopefully not make the major career the wrong choices, hopefully they will make the right choices. But if they do find themselves on the wrong side of life then they will have the inner resources to cope with it. 

Female	I remember you and Christophe and I in a sort of enclave the three of us, asking ourselves the question what is school for? And it was a really, really productive conversation. And we talked, because of course now you can educate yourself in your palm with your phone, you can get all the information you need wherever you are. You can be up a tree. But what you learn at school is you are with your generation for a start. You learn to be a social animal and then we realise that maybe the best thing we could encourage our upper school students to do is to know thyself.  Really, really know yourself and know.  I said to them when they were graduating in their last year. I said if you can leave this year with one piece of information about yourself which is pretty reliable like, I really love being in a group or I really don’t like being in a group. I work best if I am leading. I work best if I am not leading. I need to be outside. I love the idea of working in an office.  I want to live in the city. I don’t know I have to be by the sea.  Whatever. One thing, just figure that out and that will last you maybe up to 45. And then you can maybe you will change or maybe you will realise it has run its course and might run its course earlier than that. But that is the thing that will get your surf board over the first couple of waves at least. 

Question
Female	Can I ask you a question?  Isn’t life lots of life about being tested?  And obviously you do away with exams and lots of good reasons that we said and agree with, great reasons. So how did you come to the decision around what they do do in their last year you know presentations and stuff?  Partly how did you get there and partly do you ever worry about this sense they are going out without really having had to deal with I don’t know sitting in an interview room, those relevant problems?

Answer
Female	Oh no, totally all of those things they do. I think it is really important to stress that they are tested constantly. And in their last years, particularly the last two years, but year 12 is all about seeking their own tests. They equip themselves with a portfolio which is resonates all their work, not only from their last year, but really their last three years of work at Drumduan and it is something that is fully illustrated. It is their passion project. And it is bound in tooled leather which they have made themselves. And they not only have to present this, they have to work on it through the year, which is quite a task to work on something in a sustained way. It is like a part two dissertation at university actually. They work on it consistently and they have to come up with it. And it is 10,000 words.
14:25:18
Male	It is and I think the important thing is. I mean I suppose really the question is does our absence of formal examinations disadvantage the students.  And I don’t think so because what we do is we build confidence. The way that we enable the students to enable themselves. So as with we mentioned a couple of our kids already, they are now in an environment where their lives are apparently be dominated by exams because every week, comes home and says I have just had a physics test, maths test, biology test. But actually they don’t see those as being major challenges because they have such inner confidence because that is what we are actually building and we said this before that we are not feeding them information we are teaching them to learn. So we are giving them the ability to function within any environment with confidence.  I mean I remember speaking to Mark Piper the outgoing Head of Gordonstone about 5-6 years ago, when you and I were looking for patrons for our embryonic Drumduan school and I was cheeky enough to go to Gordonstone and think maybe there will be a patron. And he said, look, we can’t support you because we are also a charity and we can’t support you because we are also a charity and we couldn’t use our funds to support another charity, but we will create a bursary especially for your students. Because whenever we have a student come in to us from the Waldorf world, they stand head and shoulders above their peers because they have such poise, mental poise.  They have the confidence and inner strength that seems to make them appear 2-3 years older than their contemporaries. It is that confidence that means if they are sitting in a job interview and are confronted by an interview panel of 4-5 people, they will find it no different to being at Drumduan and being assessed by sometimes the whole school. I mean when they do their peer assessment of everything you do, and it is done in a very supportive way, maybe sometimes quite critical, but they become very accustomed to being challenged. So no fears whatsoever. But as I suspect for an average state school student that maybe, it may be more intimidating.  

Female	But I think the difference and it has been a leap of faith, no question. I recognise that when Xavier started having exams at the college he is at at the moment, I did slightly hold my breath for one moment because this is a 20 year old who has never done any exams, I mean any externally set exams. And his relaxedness and I mean and also I said how did you do? And he said quite well at maths. And I said, did you get a mark? And he said yeah. Went on eating or cooking or whatever. Wasn’t going to tell me. I said how did you do?  He said I got 100 out of 100. No zero ego even attached to it. Like whatever. I am doing the course I am learning, I am enjoying it. Yeah a little bit of testing on the side. That lack of fixation, that lack of measuring himself through it.  

	[Change of interview] 

SCIENTISTS AND THINKERS FROM THE UNITED STATES
MARIEL PETTEE, PHYSICIST AND DANCER
Centre for Collaborative Arts and Media, Yale University, USA, May 2019
Understanding concepts through movement; lying latent in body
Art and physics
Machine learning as problem solving


10:16:07	
	I actually call the project Beyond Imitation, sort of where it evolved to. It started because I attended a machine learning conference for my research work as a Physics PhD student in particle physics.  So I attended this conference because I had been using machine learning in my own physics research and I met so many interesting people who opened my eyes to the idea that this tool could be used in a creative sense. And I have a long history of working with dance and the arts. And I think in a lot of ways I see myself as more of an artist than a physicist even. Like the artistic perspective has kind of trumped all of that and physics is one avenue with which I view the world. 

	So I was really eager to see what it looked like to use this tool that I was familiar with, with movement data and data that was a little bit more personal than particles or whatever the data I had used before. So I just looked into this and wanted to see what other people had done and started from there.  

	And then since then it has kind of blossomed into an entire research topic that I can see myself investigating for quite a long time. It is tapping into instincts about preservation and documentation of the way that I move and the way that I think because movement has been so crucial in defining how I think and honestly how I learn.  To me understanding movement it is about understanding patterns in 3D space and that is kind of how logic looks like in my head at this point. When I understand the proof in mathematics or if I am trying to explain something and be a teacher I sort of, the topic has to come as naturally as a movement comes when I understand it very instinctively. So there is a flow to the idea and the flow points you to new directions, much in the same way that as I understand a movement very well it drives me through space. I don’t have to think about it ahead of time or memorise it really. It is more that it is lying latent in my body at one time and the next step is so obvious because no other step could have come after that.  

	So I guess that is a long winded way of saying that movement and knowledge have always been linked in my head even as a physics
10:20:04	student.  And applying machine learning to movement was a different way of attacking that same problem. 

Male	Great so you said I mean the way you think, can you just talk a little bit about it, [Too quiet to hear]  
	
Documenting movement; using brain; problem solving in maths and dance
Answer
Female	Yeah I think movement is a bit part of my identity and how I think of myself and I think I have good ways of preserving the way that I look and the way that I sound.  And I don’t think I have a particular effective way of preserving how I move. And so this project was trying to investigate that and put that in a concrete form.  Not only just recording the way that I had moved previously but also recording the potential for me to move in the future and trying to preserve that potential in the form of a model and in a way in the form of a kind of externalised brain. So I think of these models kind of as choreographic brains that preserve all of the connections and instincts and desires that I express as a dancer and as a thinker. And by tapping into these brains or these models I can try to understand how they fit together in my own head. Because I might have my own way of describing how I think I move and I think it is entirely different to actually record my movement and analyse it and see what patterns do arise.  

	So you end up learning something quite abstract about the way I put movement together and the patterns that come together.  And just the things you think about. I am totally invested in dance and movement as a thinking medium and the way that I was trained. The way that I move is often by putting constraints on my body in some way, thinking about the space being oriented a certain way or restricting the parts of my body that can move or the types of movements I want to explore. 

	And then it just becomes a puzzle about how do you move given these constraints that you have put onto yourself and those constraints can be as physical or abstract as you want them to be.  So my favourite type of movement always involves a bit of problem solving and it is quite cerebral because you are thinking through a problem as you are finishing it. And often you might have maybe your movement has led you to a certain point and there might be a couple of different paths where you could go from there.  And sometimes you just have to chase one of those paths and see if it is right and maybe it is not right and you have to backtrack and you try another path that feels almost identical to the way I have solved proofs before.  You start with a mathematical assumption and you use your instincts and your previous experience to tell you where you should go  next on that path.  And sometimes you might end up at a complete dead end and you have to backtrack and try to impose something very new and radical onto the problem. So I think I solve physics problems or coding problems in pretty much exactly the same way that I feel when I am solving choreographic problems.  Except to me the choreographic problems are the only sense of what is correct or what is true in that sense is kind of intrinsic to me in my own taste. So only I know when I have found the right answer and that can be frustrating. 

How auto encoder works, how machine learning works
10:25:43
Question
Male	..coding language logo used [too quiet to hear]....


Answer
Female	Well to me I think the models that we are using are models that are called for example an auto encoder very literally comment on the learning process because what an auto encoder is trying to do is to learn to exactly mimic its inputs and it does that by compressing it and then decompressing that information so a well trained auto encoder at the end of the day understands the complicated data that I am feeding it, but it understands it in a much lower dimensional representation than it actual representation and in that compression it has to throw away extraneous information that isn’t actually useful in learning. And so by forcing the model to compress you are forcing the model to forget quite a lot of information along the way. And then what you are left with is this compressed representation that actually contains truth or it contains some element of what is really being featured in the real data.  

	So I definitely think about compressing data as a way of understanding data. And if compression is the best description we have for what it means to understand something, these machine learning models are understanding the way that I move. So I see the coding structure and the machine learning model very literally describing the process of learning because to me learning has to be some process of taking in new information, making a choice about what is important and then also throwing information away and then repeating that process over and over again until you are left with something that feels robust and is able to let you predict something with some confidence in the future.

	So yeah, so compression and in that compressed, in that process of compression it is also kind of creating its own special structure called the latent space which represents all of my data mapped into this multi-dimensional blob that sort of exists in its own world. It has a certain dimensionality. It is often not two dimensions or three dimensions so it is higher than that and it is  hard to picture. But in a way that learning process is creating a special object that presents the data that it has seen so far. 

10:30:35	And its job is to orient all of the points that it has seen in that space in a way that makes sense and in a way that allows it to predict new movements accurately.

Question
Male	So what you describe is........... [too quiet to hear]?

Answer
On emotion as hindering learning? We can learn control from machines

Female	I would say yeah if you define comprehension as the ability to compress information and then predict new information in a robust way.  I absolutely think these models understand my movements and understand something meaningful about how movements are put together.  And it is not just imitating what it has seen before, it is really able to generate new phrases that still obey the laws of physics and the laws of how my body is put together. So yeah that is why I called this project Beyond Imitation. It is not just learning to spit back what it has seen before, I really want it to be able to be flexible and to create something new that still feels authentic to myself.  

	But it is interesting that you bring up the way that the human brain compresses in learning. I have spent a lot of time thinking about this and as I would like to think my brain works that way and I actually don’t know if it does. Or if it does it certainly doesn’t operate in nearly as efficient a way as this model does, right. So I think I have been jealous of this model because it is able to just identify what are the important features and what are the less important features along the way. And it is able to just throw away information without any emotions tied to it.

	Yeah, I thought about this a lot because this was the first creative project that I started working on after I lost my Mum and I was thinking a lot about memory and about what I was choosing to focus on and choosing to remember and what I was worried about forgetting.  So it came at this point where I wished I had more control over what I was choosing to focus on and hold onto.  And I actually felt like the emotions that I had were throwing off my learning metric, right. It was, it felt like it was screwing up the model that I had in my head. So I actually think there is something for me to learn from these models in a way. Or if we are going to talk about comprehension maybe it has to be something beyond just compression because I think the way my brain works at least it is not so even handed in the way that it is taking in new information and throwing things away. Clearly our emotions and our aesthetics and our desires have impacts on what we are learning beyond just the material that we are taking in and spitting back out.

Question
Male	.......something very close to your emotions.   [too quiet to hear]  machine doesn’t have emotions so a different kind of depth.....solve problems......space to do something else?
10:35:59
Answer
Female	That is a cool question. I think when I am dancing by myself I actually don’t think about emotions all that much. I am thinking about shapes and about usually kind of a trajectory through space. And I imagine, I am sort of drawing a shape in the space and I am imagining how
How she dances like drawing shapes, only emotional when dancing with others. What is learning?
 
my body is drawing that shape and maybe I change the way that I am constructing it.  But yeah it feels, I almost don’t really feel like a human when I am dancing, it feels structural and in my own head I am kind of like moving through a sculpture or a space that I have constructed.  But as soon as I start dancing with other people I think emotions come into it in a much different way. And that is why expanding this model. So far this model has just been trained on my own movements. But I have my dance colleagues who I have been in touch with about the project and now that we are recording their movements also, and recording duets and trios, then there is a sense of, what does it mean to interact with another body. And as you say, I don’t believe that these models have an understanding of human social interaction. That is not part of our data at all.  I don’t know what it will mean to generate partner work or generate a single partner given my movements for example if there is no sense of human interaction.  

	So since it has just been on my solo movements, I don’t think I have tried to tackle emotion at all. I think I have just tried to think about structures and shapes.  But clearly emotion has shaped the way I move also.  So I might think that I am creating this divide between emotion and ideas in my movements, but that is really not true.    

Question
Male	[too quiet to hear]

	[Interrupt]

	[too quiet to hear] ...another area......engage in?

10:40:16
Answer
Female	Well I study particles and not people so I don’t know if I can speak as an expert, but I can just speak from my own experience. I think it is clear that movement is a huge part of the way that we interact socially with others.  And that is not by accident, it can’t be. We are so attuned to subtle, physical changes in the way that we move in trying to understand another person. I have also read that we are so attuned to see faces and the objects that we look at, right. And we notice very subtle differences between faces whereas it might be more difficult to see very subtle differences between two different [?] distributions for example.  So I think that in some meaningful way our brains are attuned to understand human emotion and human images in a very sophisticated way. So I think socialising has always been tied to the way that we learn and I think we have to be collaborative in order to learn effectively.  That is certainly how I operate.  Learning a [?] so far when it is just in my own head and me and a book I think learning 
We tell stories to help us learn, whether particles or concepts
Embodied thinking is real
We remember physically

has always been about testing it out in the real world and sharing my ideas with others and responding in the moment to something.  

So I think the physical sensation of moving through a space must be tied to the way we understand concepts in a very meaningful way.  Because movement is so tied to the way we understand people and concepts are not so different than people. And in a way we are always telling stories about the concepts we are learning about anyway. So they might be even particles have a narrative around them in my head. And I think that is hard to avoid.  It is just the way we understand through narrative forms and narrative I think has always been tied to movement for me especially. So I think that is right. 



Question
Male	[too quiet to hear] explain a problem....can you talk, it reminds me of ......... [too quiet to hear] logical thinking.....

Answer
Female	Sure, well I think in the dance world and in the movement research world people talk a lot about embodied thinking and I spend a lot of time thinking about that. I feel that only pretty recently in a lot of academic contexts have we really started to appreciate how important the body is in comprehension and in learning and in what the dance world has known for a long time which is that embodied thinking is real and we use our body in the thinking process all the time. 

10:45:46	And that also means that dance is not a, it is a very intellectually and cognitively present activity, you have to be present in your brain and your body all at once. So if anything it is thinking with your entire body. And I think the thing I mentioned earlier about how thinking through a physics problem is often like moving through a physical space. It is tied to some acting training that I have had and I think it is pretty common.  The sense of when you are learning a long monologue rather than trying to memorise the whole thing you think about each line coming in a physical space so the lines kind of move you actually through a pattern.  And I always found that really effective.  And it is the same thing with choreography, I don’t think of memorising choreography when it is really engrained it is not something I really have to think about actively.  But rather I get to certain points in space and I understand the movements so well that I know where the logic of it is going next.  Sometimes that logic is actually physics, I mean you come out of a spin and it would make no sense to step on your 
Using rules to learn
Learning dance through imitation – where does creativity come in? 

right foot instead of your left foot based on the way your movement and your centre of mass where it is pulling you. So sometimes actual physical laws come into play and sometimes it is just the logic of the choreography itself or of the aesthetic that you are imposing. But no matter whether the logic is coming from an aesthetic place or a physical place, I think it is still the logic. And understanding the logic kind of gives you rules, it gives you a way to move chess pieces around a chess board. It dictates what your next steps can be.  And that is what math is, math is a set of logical rules.  And it gives you physical tools to use to solve a problem, and that is what choreography or I guess a choreographic style kind of means to me, it is a set of rules and a set of tools that dictate the logic of how your body can move. And once you understand that very well it is just as natural as using it in a mathematical application. 

	[too quiet to hear]

10:50:09

Question
Male	Could you describe how you got here today?

Answer
Female	Yeah I just walked very briskly down the sidewalk mostly in the sunshine with a heavy backpack.

	[too quiet to hear]

Question
Male	Just one more question. Could you talk a little bit about training or learning and perhaps also relates to other education [too quiet to hear] talk first about learning........ [too quiet to hear]

Answer
Female	Yeah I will respond to you.  That is a cool question because this probably common to a lot of fields that you end up spending more time in. That at first it is mostly about imitation and I think that is what my dance training was initially especially through high school. I learned by watching other people, by watching videos or my teachers. Or I learned through playing.  I mean there is a sense of learning choreography and what choreography represents. And there is also a sense of training a body and just what are your physical capabilities. So that came through what felt like a much more natural structure.  
10:55:32 
	Yeah but before I went to college, dance was about imitating other people well.  And it wasn’t really clear to me where new choreographic ideas came from other than seeing it somewhere 
Trust your body’s intuition to create
So fun to be in your body and mind at the same time

else.  And it was in college that I took academic courses in dance beyond just dance history, but really about how choreography is structured and how it can be put together. And I had a wonderful mentor who had trained with the choreographer William Forsyth who thinks a lot about generating choreography through games or tools or puzzle like structures where maybe you just want to think of all the different ways that you can create a line from two points or maybe you just create two points in space and you try to connect them with your body in a meaningful way.  So it was a total reimagining of what I thought dance looked like. It was not about imitating someone and trying to repeat that over and over again. It was really trusting the intuition you had built up in your body and then honing that intuition through play and through puzzle structures, problem structures.  

It was the first time I really felt like I had to be mentally present in my body when I was moving. And it was actually quite hard to get used to initially.  But that is the kind of style that has really stuck with me since then. It is so fun to be in your head and in your body at the same time.  And it is clearly informed the way that I think about the world and the way that I think about myself also. So all of that has become quite integrated now and now I can’t imagine trying to create a piece without thinking it has to be a form of communication but it is not always trying to communicate a story or communicate a specific idea. It is often just as interesting to watch a dancer solve a problem in real time as it is to watch them rehearse something they have practice quite a bit.  So I am quite interested in the spontaneous creation of a dancer who is well trained and confident in the way that their body can move. But confident enough to also get the wrong answer sometimes. And find themselves in situations where they can’t get out and they have to find a completely new way to address the problem that they have given themselves.

	So I think that is the progression that I made in my dance training was moving from just imitation to thinking of my choreographic brain as something of value and something to be understood and prodded and sculpted. But it was always more about the potential for movement rather than the actual movement itself in a way.  

	And I think physics education is actually structured in kind of the same way.  Through high school, physics education meant learning the types of problems that you would see on a test and being able to replicate those problems with the right equations that you had already memorised. But you were not at all expected to derive where those equations actually came from or why they were true.  And that is what started in college for me. I had a Professor who talked a lot about feeling. When we were stuck on a physics problem and we would 

Physical intuition can apply to maths and physics too – feel it in your bones
Education should give you space to see what you like, what you feel, in order to have tools and intuition to tackle new problems

come to him and ask for help he would say, you need to feel it in your bones and just let us think about it. 

11:00:50	And I had never heard someone talk about solving a mathematical or physical problem in those terms to really develop a physical intuition for the way that problems should be solved. Not just about.  Like you might imagine physical intuition would apply if you are throwing a tennis ball and you have an expectation of where it should go.  I think what my Professor was talking about and what I have learned since then, is that you develop a physical intuition for mathematics and for logic in much the same way. You experience it multiple times and you see how it might progress and then you have to build up that intuition for yourself mathematically and structurally.  

	And so then once you enter a PhD I think you are expected to be given problems that don’t resemble anything you have ever seen before. And you are expected to be able figure it out within three or four hours on a test or longer if it is a physics problem or a research problem that you are attempting that has never been solved. It is a really different way of working where you have no end point in mind and you just have to start from step one and see what can fit and what can come next. It is quite a generative process as you are moving through it.

	I think all of these things are linked by a sense of taste and developing your taste and developing your aesthetic in art and in my own creative work that is certainly how it is felt. That part of the hard work and part of the joy of art is taking in a lot of work and learning what you like and what you don’t and what worked and what didn’t and processing that with people afterwards. And just developing that intuition to help you create something new later on when you are called on it, when you are called to create something.  And in physics I try to do the same thing and try to create a taste of what makes sense and how to solve certain types of problems with the hope that I can be as general as possible in solving those types of issues.  And that allowed me to use my physics tools with a completely different data set here because there are meaningful similarities between a particle physics dataset and a dataset like this.  It is dealing with points in space that have velocities and accelerations and symmetries that are being obeyed.  

	So I guess my education has been trying to teach me how to have intuition and how to have taste and how to create models of the world that are very general in order to allow me to take in pretty 
much any kind of data and predict something that should happen next. 
Explains machine learning

11:05:01
Question
Male 	Can you explain machine learning? 

Answer
Female	Yes, big topic.  Machine learning very generally is about teaching algorithmic structures patterns, but unlike any other type of coding I have done before, it is not about coding up a solution that will always give you the right answer, it is instead creating the environments of that way an algorithm can learn on its own how to create the right answer. So you are sort of, you are setting up the environment in which it can learn as opposed to teaching it explicitly yourself by programming it in by hand. And that can be done in many different ways, some of which were really just about learning recently. But the two main ways I have used machine learning to teach an algorithm about movement, there is what is called supervised learning which means I give the model 10 frames of my movement and then I ask it to predict what the next frame should look like. And I tell it whether it was right or wrong or how wrong it was. And then it takes those errors and then corrects its own internal model and then does that again. So it is called supervised because I am literally showing it the right answer after it makes a prediction and that is very effective for a certain type of problem.

	And then there is a type of learning, a type of machine learning that I have been particularly excited about which is called unsupervised learning. And what that means is that I am not really showing it what should come next in a movement, but rather I am asking it to imitate what I have shown it initially and that is really to see the auto encoder structure that I mentioned before so it is about compression.  Compressing a very high dimensional complex input into a lower dimensional simpler representation and then from that simpler representation being able to reconstruct the fully complicated output. And once that structure is well defined and well trained, once it has seen my dataset thousands and thousands and thousands of times and it has created a pretty effective reduced dimensionality representation.  Then I can ask it to explore that reduced dimensional space and create new outputs out of it. So that is a form of learning where I am not telling it what should happen next, but rather it is trying to understand the logic of how my movement is structured in a very abstract level. But it has to learn everything from how my joints are arranged in space and the range of movements for each of my joints as well as what gravity is and what friction is and also the aesthetic logic of how my choreography is put together. So I am asking quite a lot of it.

	So two main categories of machine learning that I am investigating, supervised and unsupervised. But it is quite a general idea. It is asking an algorithm to learn patterns, to learn in some cases non linear, very sophisticated patterns in data.  And sometimes humans know the right 
Describes how she enters info to machine for Beyond Imitation

answer and often we don’t. And so by using this automated way of learning we can often find very complex, very subtle relationships between high dimensional data spaces that as humans we might not have recognised before.
11:10:30
Question
Male	So now, just imagine......can you give [too quiet to hear]  stabilise.

Answer
Female	So in order to get the data to actually feed into my machine learning algorithms, I had to record what my movement actually looks like. Now you can imagine doing that with a video but I really wanted three dimensional representation of what that movement looked like and in a larger space.  So that is when I turned to this motion capture studio.  And what the studio allows us to do is wear a motion capture suit which is mostly black Velcro and there are about 50 very reflective spiracle points that are placed onto the body on certain very relevant joints. And then up on the ceiling there are about 20 motion capture cameras that are looking for large differences in contrast. So the spheres that I am wearing on my body are highly reflective and these cameras are sensing that extremely reflective surface. And because they are spread in an oval shape on the ceiling they are able to see my body no matter how I turn it. And because there are so many of them that have overlapping fields of view, even if I roll on the floor or there are some points that are obscured from a certain camera, overall they are able to create a faithful representation of my body in 3D space with very few glitches.  So wearing the suit and capturing my data in this way allows me to create something that feels very faithful to the way that I move and seems to capture that movement style in a way that a video really just can’t. 

And another huge advantage of it is that the software is capable of capturing multiple dancers at once. So I have been in here quite a bit just by myself capturing the way that I move, but it can also capture how I move with another dancer or even a trio of dancers so it really expands the type of data we are allowed to capture and allowed to analyse. Hoping to expand this to understand the way that pairs of dancers can interact and what it means to generate a partner and what a partner means in a movement context.  

[Interrupt]

 	So I thought maybe we prompt this by talking about how we could use this in a studio. I know this is what we talked about over text and I have been talking a little, but if you guys what is interesting, what are you worried about?
		
11:15:08
On our feelings watching dance, authenticity, the primacy of the visual with social media etc

Female	I think being able to track movement in order to document it and look back at it is a really useful tool especially because we rely so much on the physical sense, on the aesthetic sense. We don’t have to, we can have a mirror and see how do I look in the mirror and whether the line I am creating makes sense, especially when you are improvising and trying to generate movement there is something about allowing yourself to be fully in your body and knowing that it is going to be captured so you can review it later so you don’t have to review, you don’t have to revise as you are moving.  You can just have the physical as the driving factor, as a start, especially now because we seem to be losing the kind of aesthetic sense, we have so many external modes of documentation of putting things on instagram, putting things on Facebook, taking selfies, gives an opportunity to say it will be to some degree abstracted. I can say it doesn’t matter what I look like, it matters what the architecture and the movement is and whether we can evaluate on the basis of things like authenticity or meaningfulness, naturalness in terms of aesthetic preference. But also in terms of well the aesthetic on the downside of typically talk about aesthetic preference, but there is the ethical side of whether we are harming our bodies, whether we are pushing so far past the limit that you can actually see things that become possibly not healthy or sustainable at least.

Female	Yeah and you have talked about the risk of this model even though we would like to think it is driven by that extensive generation of dance, it is still, it is based on the visual right, it is based on what these cameras are seeing and we have to trust that our own intuition shows us that the movements on the screen, what I see, that feels authentic and it gives us a kind of aesthetic sensation through a visual framework.  But it is still limited to a visual framework.

Female	But that is important because we say, we go to a dance performance and we say, well I didn’t believe, I wasn’t convinced by that person.  There is some aspect of rhetorical mechanisms that say you know she wasn’t as good as Gisele or Snow White or whatever the character is because I didn’t feel like she was being authentic. And it is something in the movements that we can point to and say it is because she was looking down the whole time or she was looking up the whole time or she seemed to be blinking a lot or her elbows seemed to be twitching, you know whatever physical thing we can point at.  But that is not necessarily a marker. We can say actually she felt authentic and we can negate the experience of the dancer.  But we have our own experiences and maybe this allows us to meet it because when you look at like yourself as the [?] and you were talking about the movement being them, but there is also something that it feels kind of like a duet because it is not exactly identical.

On seeing oneself reflected in the computer generated figure, jerky, strange. Takes away the identity in a good way – not how a man dances, or a woman, it just is.

Female	Altogether the jerkiness helps cue you that you are not just seeing two copies of the same thing, you are seeing real data and generated data.  And it is funny that the generated data has its own kind of aesthetic also that there is an internal rhythm even though it really seems to capture a lot of what I could call the important nuances of this movement. But it is hard, I find myself shifting between evaluating the output from a computer science angle and being like, wow it learns [?] now and it took so long for that to happen for example and that sounds like a victory.  And then you switch into your kind of aesthetic evaluative brain and you think, yeah is this really me?  Do I recognise it?  And I find that more often than not I look at this as another person. And then a lot of people look over my shoulder and call it he.  That happens all the time. 

Comment	[Not possible to hear]
Female	Yeah, so even though this is literally my movement and it is supposed to be an authentic capture of my choreographic potential it still feels sometimes it doesn’t always ring true.  And you have had your movement captured too. Did you feel captured?

Male	Well it served as a very important learning tool so far. As I explored my choreographic. You know we briefly discussed like that there was a lot of backward arm motions.  And since then I have started choreographing and I am using those backward arm motions and clarifying them more and finding how they can inform forward motion and accumulation of steps and movement.  But the initiation point is behind me for some reason.  And I have kind of talked about how my centre of weight was behind me or somewhere else that it wasn’t necessarily expected to be.  

Female	There is something kind of special about seeing the patterns of your movement reflected not only in whatever video footage you have of yourself, but also seeing what the model notices as common patterns which is I think what you saw right, is that.

Male	It is unbiased. It is in its own state of trying to understand and analyse the movement via these data points so it doesn’t feel like, oh this is right for a man or right for a woman or right for someone that is tall or short. It just is.

Female	He is right, what aspects of the movement are being captured? That is why these points in particular you know those present their own biases that we say, oh we don’t want like a point on your nose because your nose is less expressive.  And the fact there aren’t.

Male	I feel like I am learning to love the process of aesthetic movement and every bit of it and not discriminate too much whether it is my nose that is moving in space, my tail bone or how do those two things move together in that kind of point of way, where they are building and exploring in space you know and watching encoder really.  It just tells you the truth or a truth.

Female	Its truth, yeah.  I agree with that. I think what is funny is that hearing you talk. We talk a lot about the idea of bias, not only in terms of societal bias that comes into your models or a bias about how you chose your data. But also bias in a mathematical sense. Like this model was trained with a bias that I imposed onto it where I wanted it to learn movements and to place them in a form of representing that movement an abstract form. Where that abstract form resembles a bell curve but in 256 dimensions.

11:20:39	So I don’t want it to learn things as kind of an even distribution. I want it to learn according to a specific distribution so that when I sample from it I am not sampling from just like a flat playing field, I am sampling and I am pretty confident that I am going to get the bulk of something that looks natural.  So I impose bias because I want the outputs to look a certain way.

Female	I was thinking about particular dance forms, right.  Like there aren’t trackers on the fingers which means you are not able to capture particular expressive movements that may be not only idiosyncratic but really meaningful, like we create these gross movements because our arms move in these ways. But if I want to have a particular different form, to what extent am I going to be able to say, not only does each finger matter, but like each joint matters and that like there is a difference between doing that and doing that and doing that and having an elbow movement along with the head movement. Those are not only like aesthetically expressive but society or culturally, conventionally meaningful. 

Male	The complexity of it all is developing which is great to be alongside that process. You know it is still shaky, but that is why we have to train it and work with it and see what comes from the process of simplification first or we just have to build a better glove. 

Female	Yeah. It is imposing of you of what body parts are important and where are we getting our information.

Female	What information is valuable.

Female	What information is valuable yeah, good point.  But I don’t know, I think even if in ten years we had, not even ten years, we probably have this already, like a perfect mash of body and skin. It is still not capturing the kind of aesthetic perception of the movement and so in a way I sort of 

Discussing utility of the computer visualisation – should it get better? Is it ok always to be in some way imperfect as it’s part of a process?

accept that the data is always going to be imperfect in some say. And our hope is to just use a broad brush and extract what we can from it.

Female	What we want it to be. I think in this kind of research we want it to be imperfect because we want to continue moving. We don’t want to outsource it so that it does it so perfectly that we don’t have to do it anymore. And also we want to be able to, I mean from a learning perspective it is enforcing a reflection. It is actually difficult, you have to look at your own idiosyncrasies and say, I don’t like that, I don’t like the way I move and then make a choice. Either I want to move differently or I will learn to love myself and will learn to accept my own idiosyncrasies and even my own faults like my leg does not get as high as I want it to or that is the way my leg moves and that is that.  

Female	Yeah I think in its best form it is telling you what are your real patterns of movement when no one is looking and can you use that new information to kind of break out of the typical routine. And the most you can do is just kind of trust what it is telling you and I think the way that we have been talking about it, I find it most generative when it is not imitating what the outlets are. But taking in that information and twisting it using our own embodied knowledge hoping it has a kind of embodied knowledge.

	 	 [Not possible to hear]
Male	This disrupts in some ways the system of yourself as the ideal observer that to some extent we will only be able to tell. We will only be able to grow when we know what we want to grow in. I want to be able to dance in a particular way and if I look at this thing it is only giving me so much data. It is only telling me, oh my leg moves in this way and in these dimensions with these trackers. But I can’t see my fingers and so I won’t be able to become more expressive in my fingers. But if I put a different suit on it will give me different information and there is more information necessarily better? Can we make better choices from this kind of material? Does it make us more [?] or is it just a different way of documenting and relying on documentation when we could be relying on our own sense of movement?

Question	[Not possible to hear]
Female	Individually and then there are actually two other members of the group who aren’t here today. So with the other two members of the group the three of us developed the code and with these guys I feel like I use them as life lines and confidantes and other researchers to talk about the other huge dimension of this research work which is aesthetic and philosophical and ethical and all of those media questions.  Yeah. The other two collaborators would not call themselves dancers. And so they 
Discussing the philosophy of choreography and this project

are really interested in the data, but it is data to them in a way. They have aesthetic concerns in other things.

Question
Female	Develop that and claiming ..........how that data sees you outside yourself and how you feel about those ....... [too quiet to hear]
11:25:05
Female	That’s interesting.

Answer
Female	We’ve all had at least, we’ve all been exposed to the same technique for generating proposition movement in certain ways. Mariel and I met at Harvard and were able to get deep into a particular framework and I have seen Mariel’s work develop over now more than five years. I can’t believe you graduated five years ago which means we have known each other for like 8 years.  It has been a while. And this was unexpected in some ways because I remember your undergraduate thesis. And then when you called me to say this was project you were working on, I was so sure you were going into a different aspect of physics that it is exciting to come together because my work is so philosophical on the one hand. Like I am asking what does it mean for a choreographer to have a responsibility to the dancers and what does it mean to the dancers to have a responsibility to the choreographer. That they can’t in performance change the choreography if something goes wrong. They are still going to try their best to do the choreography well as opposed to support each other. It creates really subtle ethical problems. And here we have got technology which is a different aspect that is asking you know if we outsource aesthetic learning, can I learn from this machine how to dance, how to become a better choreographer?  Or is better choreography something that we do by practicing choreography?  That the only way we can better choreographers is by choreographing. Does this make it easier? Does it make it better in a moral sense or aesthetic sense how we are evaluating terms like good choreography on the basis of norms of responsible choreography versus good choreography because it has good form.  And so you are getting your leg as high as you want it to be.  

Female	And I think actually we met in a different context right. But also with different priorities because you came here interested in technology and kind of emerging technologies. So I feel like we connected on that immediately. And then also had similar [laughing]  But then we also connected on similar aesthetics and similar language there. So I sometimes wonder when you speak I hear, which are the questions I want you to be asking, is this making our work better?  Is it useful?  Is it ethical? And then it is different to come into our collaboration which I think has been grounded on wanting to dive into the technology and 
Mariel excited to learn to code then code with her own body
First negative reaction to tech then realised she had to work with it

the model training and how far can we push that as well as the aesthetic concerns?

Male	Yes definitely. That is super cool. Yeah. Interested in learning to code actually. Then all of a sudden I found that I could code with my body in this way right. And it is a whole new world of explaining of understanding of examining movement, yeah. And finding the room for technology to live in our aesthetic realm as it enters is important because it exists. It is happening.  

Female	That is a question I have because I am like, I came into technology thinking this is horrible, this is ruining our opportunities to dance, this is ruining our gorgeous moving and then being a part of it and seeing. No this is happening, it would be nice if artists were involved in this kind of work because otherwise it is just going to happen.  Not only elsewhere but where the data matters, but the content doesn’t.  

Question	[too quiet to hear]
Answer
Female	I can start, but I want to hear from you guys too. I think what I want out of  this work is getting together an interesting collaboration of people who have things to say. And I think if I can contribute a form of technology that will make some people angry and make some people excited in our field, I think that is kind of doing something interesting already. But it is not really about whatever the field decides to do with it. It is much more about, for me thinking about documentation and help and sort of having a helper in the studio is generating movements that I can then respond to and that might feel right or might feel wrong. And I like the idea of training models like this for my body as it is now. And my body as it is six months from now or years from now and comparing those models across time.  It is like a sentimental thing and a practical thing to be able to tap into this body at any point in time in the future and still be able to move with the body that I have right now. Mostly tied to the fear that I will lose that body pretty soon. So I hope the model challenges me.  I mean I don’t see it all as trying to replace my movement. I always find it more compelling to watch live dancers in a room than an animation as nice as it is. So yeah I have no illusions like a generated dance being a dance. I think it is a different way of speaking to us in a different language that we can use when speaking t other people about the way that we move.  It’s playful.

Male	Absolutely. It’s super playful. That is all I have to say.

Question	Are you hoping to, what do you hope for this?

Hopes for project
Helps them be in better dialogue and MAKE THINKING VISIBLE

Answer
Male	I just hope to keep training it to be honest at this point.  And working with what seems like it could be wrong and I am curious about the qualities of its movement and how to work within those confines or clarify them.  Yeah there is so much potential. It is not me anymore it is data. So that is interesting.  
11:30:17

Female	Yeah, something I remember you said early in this process was how appealing it is that this translates sequences of movements into points or into these kind of abstract paths through the latent space there is a sense of. The real impetus to the choreography being kind of clarified through that process too.

Male	Yeah a lot of the times choreographic processes just start by thinking this point to that point.  Well here we can actually look at this point to that point. And aesthetic values can then be placed onto that however we feel and that is great. I love the simplification of things, it allows for more room to find ways for dance to intercept with anything. It is something you live with as a dancer right, this urge to move always putting yourself in different forms. But now I think we are at a time where it doesn’t have to feel that it is so isolated to technical values. We all move. So yeah it is a time of good data.

Female	I think that is where it emerges from the accessibility. I do think everybody can move in their own ways and anybody can choreograph. That is not an [?] like only certain people should be allowed or only certain people can. But I think technology offers an opportunity for responsibility. Because by reflecting on their movement we can make choices and a big part of ethics is how we make choices that are good.  Have a good form but also do less harm and harm to ourselves and harm to others. And I think there is an aspect of art making that is movement based that can become harmful aesthetically, can become harmful ethically and I think being able to give access to anybody to create movement, to generate movement and then reflect on it and deepen the understanding of our relationship to your aesthetic values. I like the way this looks but I like the way this looks because it reminds me of my grandmother’s movement or it reminds me of this person holding a book on their elbow.  There is no limit to the types of aesthetic values we can ascribe to augment and being able to reflect on them allows us to make better choices and making better choices for now at least can mean that we can be in better dialogue and make our thinking visible, can be more deliberate.

Male	Makes the thinking very visible absolutely.  


Machine figure is like friend/companion
Technical explanation of project

Female	Yes especially when we play with this model and gets us thinking in real time right.  

Male	Yeah that is so lovely.  It is like a friend. Companion. 

Female	Right, I thought I would start by just showing what real data actually looks like. So that way we have a prior, some understanding for what good data should look like. So here I have plotted actual data points from one of my visual capture sessions.  And I guess it is important to say that the models are only seeing the points. So the lines I have drawn in for visual effect, but the model has no constraints on what a human body should look like and how far away these joints should be. So ideally the separation to these points should be learned pretty well. The skeletal lens yes. So the points are the only things the model is seeing.  And it is also a fixed sequence length. So here the model that I am constructing I am asking it to record a sequence of about five seconds. And compress that into a smaller form and then be able to decompress that and have that decompressed form be authentic. So I will slow down. 

Question	Is there a reason you chose pink?
  
Answer
Female	I don’t know why I chose pink. My favourite colour is yellow, but yellow is hard to see on white.  But it is true a lot of people thought it was male so I think in a way it was like it was a reminder to myself and to other people that it was me.  So I just wanted to show it was a summary of the model I am training. So the entire thing is called an auto encoder and in fact it is a variation auto encoder. And all that means is that we impose what I was describing before that bell curve distribution. I want the outputs actually are going to look like.

	So the first section is the encoder part and what that means is it is trying to learn an encoded representation of each of those sequences. So there are multiple different layers, LST in here stands for long, short-term memory. So these layers are prepared in a special way to encode relevant information in a short term from frame to frame as well as across longer slots.  So at the end of this top section then the data is recorded into its latent space or latent representation which is specified to be 256 numbers. So that entire five second long phrase in three dimensions with all fifty something points is going to be captured by just 256 numbers total. And that means throwing away quite a bit of data along the way.

	And then the second part is the decoder and that sort of does the same process in reverse.  But they are both trained at the same time. So all 
Technical explanation of project 


the models seen is each sequence of real data. And I just ask it to try 
to replicate that same sequence exactly from the input all the way to the output at the end of this model. And the idea is that as it learns to replicate the inputs perfectly, then this squished representation in the middle is actually going to retain some salient information about the movement. That is the hope, so we train it for a long time. 
11:35:16
	[Too quiet to hear]
Female	Okay, so this is taking a randomly sequence of real data. I am still in pink, the real data and then the generated auto encoded output is in red.  So when I first started training this, the red output is pretty much nonsense. So this tells me that the auto encoder is well trained because it can imitate its inputs pretty well.  Now of course that is not what we actually use the auto encoder for. If I wanted someone to exactly copy my movements I would just teach that to a dancer.  So the way we actually use it is by splitting apart that model that I was just showing you. So rather than looking at the full encoder and then decoder, we just look at the decoder and we are exploring that 256 dimensional space.  And I have an illustration of what that looks like. 

	Would you mind scrolling down one cell to the picture? Yeah.  So this is a random slice of that 256 dimensional space and I can only plot two dimensions here easily. And 256 dimensions is hard to wrap your brain around.  But what I like about this is that even though it is just a random slice that I am showing two dimensions of a much more complicated space, there is still an order here that has been imposed by the network. So each of these points represents a five second long sequence shifted along by one frame at a time. So you can see that there is kind of like its own logic imposed in a way that these sequences are being arranged in the latent space. And this is something where if we plotted all of the points that the auto encoder learns it would resemble in the full 256 dimensional space it would sort of resemble a bell curve in each of those dimensions. So it is kind of clustered around a main. And then when we sample from that cluster we can say, I want to stay very close to the average value of this space and get something that looks realistic. Or I want a sample out here and get something that might not look anything like real data. But the point is it is completed generated any time and that there is a meaningful sense in which the model is learning something and it is arranging these sequences in this like specific way. But this does not really have meaning to me. I can imagine ways of playing with it as a choreographer. But it just tells me that the model is learning.  There are so many ways to play with it and mapping, two people doing the same movement onto the same latent space, wondering if those points are close, so the whole pattern.

Technical explanation of project 

	
Could I ask you to scroll down a couple more times?

	So just to the next cell.  So now what we are playing with is looking at a point, a real point in that latent space. So the idea is it creates a similar type of movement, but clearly there is a variation in some form.  Actually would you mind clicking on that cell, the one that says 66, just click and shift, enter.  So we will ask it to sample again and give us another variation. It is changing and the thing that is changing I don’t know if you can see, this number.  Here we go all the way to one.  So to me that actually looks very similar, which I would expect because we are sampling within a small standard deviation from the main.  But then as we turn this number larger and larger deviations on the original. 

	Do you mind scrolling down.

	So I guess here I don’t know what you guys notice, but I notice timing differences mostly.  I have seen that as an interesting, that is not what I would expect. When I think of a variation on a phrase I think of variation of intensity maybe or in energy or focus. The generated in red, it is funny that differences in timings seem to be where the model goes first, that is my impression.  And then one more time.

	So now we are sampling with a sigma of one, a fairly large standard deviation from that. We can see something that, there are elements that are similar, clearly it ends up in a similar spot because from standing to the floor and there is talk once it is on the floor so rotation. But it gets there in a completely different way.  So yeah it is nice to see these sequences are grouped in a meaningful way in this latent space that the model hasn’t learnt to cluster things arbitrarily and my aesthetic judgements on variation actually match what the model seems to have learned.  
11:40:00
		[Too quiet to hear]
Female	The arm and then something with your leg and so that can be like, arm, leg and it is learning rather than like shift base. It is learning like these points seem to relate to these points in some like extension, contraction or contraction, extension, things you can look back on and be like that is what I am noticing, that there is something like similar at least in terms of aesthetic not the jerk obviously, but that there is like a reaching minimising and then or reaching the thing again.

Female	Yeah and there is also like bending of the knees if there is going to be a pop-up or a kick.  The thing that I have seen before is a kick that was translated into just arms reaching up. So I think there is sense of like a spirit of the movement whether that is rotation or momentum in a certain direction or even a preference for them.

Technical explanation of project 


Question	How do you constrain the, yes or no?

Answer
Female	No, I think the most control I have is just being able to execute this as many times as I want, so I keep sampling, I keep exploring this latent space which is 256 dimensions is like big enough that if you don’t like a dimension you can just find a different one, right. So I have nowhere near explored this entire latent space.

	Can I ask you to scroll on one last time.  And could you execute this cell also, so click and then shift and enter.  

	So now what I will ask it to do is choose a random point in the latent space rather than prompting it with actual data. And I am asking it to go within the same signal equals one that we had above. So I would expect it to look about as human as this one looks. But we can turn up the variation and get something that looks very inhuman.  

	Can you scroll a little bit more.  Can I ask you guys what you see when trying to do it.

	[Too quiet to hear]
	I feel like I see a collapse, does it come from the head. To me I see it coming towards me.

	[Too quiet to hear]
	Could you execute the cell above again. So the other interesting thing is that to make the training here I have averaged out, so even when it wants to move, so walking is kind of like this.  

Male	I like this part.

[Too quiet to hear]
	[Change interview]


JULIE FIEZ, COGNITIVE NEUROSCIENTIST
LEARNING RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT CENTER, UNIVERSITY OF PITTSBURGH, MAY 2019
LEARNING IS THE WORLD!
TC: AROUND 6 HOURS IN
Female	Okay, you were going to tell us what is learning?

Answer
Female	Okay. Well there is no easy answer. So I was thinking about this because I read your email and so I approach it from a brain perspective because I am a cognitive neuroscientist.  So I draw a distinction between learning and memory. So when I think of learning I think of the brain systems that support learning and they are different. There is well known different systems that operate according to different mechanisms. So for instance there is a system that is associated with skill learning and especially motor skill learning as we were talking about earlier. There is another system that is associated with learning about re words and reinforcing the behaviours that lead to good treats in the world. And then there are just the basic capacity of cerebral cortex to learn through kind of the statistics of its experiences. And then there is what most people think of as memory which is what we are kind of consciously aware of in those experiences that we have had throughout our lives.  And those are interact together this support learning which if we think about learning as gaining new knowledge and learning new skills and changing our behaviour.  I mean that is kind of a very long. I told my classes when I teach learning and memory like every single moment of your life is learning. Because you are constantly changing your brain connections and it is the connections of your brain that really drive the behaviour that you can produce.

Question
Female	So when you said learning is the world?

Answer
Female	Yeah, learning is the world because every single moment [laughing]
	Yes learning is the world because every single moment of your experience your brain is active, right. And when a cell in your brain, a neuron is active it is sending signals from one cell to another and every time that happens it is a moment for the strength of connections between those two cells to be modified to be strengthened or weakened. So in essence every single moment you are slightly changing your brain and you are changing your brain in the areas that are engaged while you are having that moment in the world. So every single moment is a learning experience, because every single moment is shaping your brain in one way or another and you may be consciously aware of it or 

UNCONSCIOUS LEARNING
EPISODIC MEMORY
HIPPOCAMPUS
you may not be. But all of it is changing your brain and therefore changing you I think.  

06:06:33
Question
Female	Can you talk more about the difference between learning skills, well I have written here learning facts, but I suppose that speaks more to what I think of as memory?

Answer
Female	Yeah it is interesting. I don’t how many other, who you have talked to so far. But from like a classic kind of research perspective on things there is this whole taxonomy of memory systems and it originated partly out of looking at what happens when you damage different parts of the brain.  What kinds of ability are preserved and what kind of abilities are impaired. And what was observed is that you could see dissociations and so arguably I would say that the most powerful of those dissociations came from looking at individuals with damage to the hippocampus which is a particular part of the brain that receives input from all over and kind of sends back to all over. And one view of it, it is kind of, it is ready to form associations between all kinds of different things that are being represented in any given time. 

Because if you think about experiences. What makes an experience, it is not one thing it is all the collections of things that are present at that moment in time. So a really simplistic idea of the hippocampus and the related structures is, it is kind of like, it is sort of like a tape recorder of your life, a video recorder of your life, except for more like it is allowing you to point back to the parts of your brain that were active when you had this specific experience. So remembering. You asked me what I had for breakfast this morning. That is one moment in my life and I had that experience and I wasn’t thinking about it at all until you brought up that question. So how did I take myself back to that moment in time? There are reasons to think that the hippocampus is really important for retrieving that episode and so that when I had to pause and reflect on, what did I have for breakfast this morning?  Like was it a bagel, because I do have bagels sometimes, was it cereal because I do have cereal sometimes, yoghurt?  No it was eggs, this morning I had eggs and it wasn’t just that fact that I gave you. All of a sudden I could kind of remember like, oh yeah I remember I put the eggs. I remember kind of what they looked like this morning, I would re-visualise them in my head. That is the hippocampus helping to itself not represent that picture of the eggs, but to help reactivate the parts of the brain  that were active when I was looking at those eggs and eating those eggs and enjoying them.  
So that is the concept of episodic memory.  And you can if you damage the hippocampus you can really impair that ability to have that ability to 
WHAT IS EDUCATION?
form new episodic memories. But you can retain the ability to learn new skills. So that can be simple skills like mirror tracing.  So you know you have someone drawer a picture you know, if I ask you to draw a star you can do it, but if I say look at this mirror and through the mirror guide your hand, it is like all reversed and takes you a while, but then you can figure out how to draw this figure again because you distorted the visual mode ring play. Or I can show you actually great with some prism goggles where you can reorient the relationship with the visual world to your mode or system because you can use prisms to shift the angle of the visual input through the eyes.  And so where you think you are looking is not quite where you are looking and so you have a new visual mode or map and so if you ask someone to throw at a target with these prism goggles they will be way off right. And in about 20 throws they move back and now they are landing right on the target again and someone with hippocampus damage will, they should. I am not sure if they have actually tested it. They should because things like disability for mirror tracing have been shown to be intact. 
06:12:49
	So you have someone who could do this adaptation of prism lenses. If we brought them back the next day and you said, have you ever seen these goggles? Have you ever like put them on or have you ever thrown anything with this ball of clay or whatever?  They are like, no I don’t remember that. So they can have no memory of it. But if you hadn’t stopped them from using their arm so that they had this new mode of memory and then you had them say, well go ahead and try to throw at this target. What you would see is they would actually make an error in the opposite direction because they now need to unlearn this mode of learning. And that happens through experience as well. So you could show that their body remembered and had learned this visual mode of re-mapping even though their mind, their conscious awareness had no memory of it. 

	So those sorts of dissociations have been really powerful in shaping peoples thinking about what does it mean to have learning and memory and from a neural, from a brain point of view it means that different systems are possibly also always kind of at play and contributing in different ways.  Sometimes maybe adding together constructively, some people think sometimes they are like opposing each other and working in opposition. But they are all sort of available as part of your brain to be impacted by whatever experience you have. 

Question
Female	Great, you explained it so well.  [laughing]  Let’s talk about education if we can.  If I just say that to you, what are you going to say to me?

Answer
Female	I am going to say education that.  I think of education traditionally as about conveying knowledge. It is teaching facts and culturally acquired skills. Things that you have to be culturally instructed 
UNDERSTANDING THE WORLD WITH NO FORMAL EDUCATION
MAPPING EDGES OF THINGS
LEARNER READER
because it is sort of emerged out of culture. So reading is a great example of that. You are born with the ability to learn how to perceive objects and make sense of objects and to learn how to map a spoken word onto visual objects. So without formal education, a typical child is going to acquire language and learn how to map words under objects and how to even segment objects from the world. Like it seems like such an obvious thing, but from a vision perspective it is actually kind of really super challenging to figure out how many actual physical objects are in this world and where does this object start and end? 
06:16:49
	And you get things that are you know hidden edges and you have to infer that this object’s boundaries continue even when you can’t see all of it. So that is like really complicated and our brain just figures that out through experience. And in humans we have language and we can also figure out where words are and spoken streams which is also not an easy thing to figure out.  So we can do all of that and no one needs to teach us sort of right. Like parents sort of teach this mapping, but in a loose way right. They might say, look there is a dog, so they point to the object and they say the word dog. But kids learn a lot of words where they don’t  have a parent sitting there pointing to each and every one of them, right. So a lot of it is putting together these experiences based upon the statistics and maybe the social role of communication.

	But then reading, you could go look at printed things and have your eyes be cast over a page and spend hours doing that and still not become a literate reader, right. So there you have and the purpose of education for reading is to convey a skill, a strategy that I think is really mysterious because through this you get taught for an alphabetic language let’s say, because that is where most of the work has been done. You know you get taught like, hey I am going to teach you about letters. I am going to teach you about the sound that goes with each letter. And they are not going to teach you that you can, once you know this letter sound mapping, I am going to teach you that you can sound out a word. So now you can see this unfamiliar visual word form, you don’t know what it is representing, but you know that a ‘c’ is cu and an ‘a’ is a.  And a ‘t’ is tu.  And you can sound out cat. Well now you have sounded out this sound, cat, but you know the word cat right. So now you have this ah ah moment and you go ‘oh this is cat, I know what a cat is’  And through that instance of reading you now know you have at least one experience that this visual form represents this thing you already know that has a meaning and it has this corresponding spoken name.

06:20:04	And there is research to suggest that if you pronounce cat somewhere between 10-30 times you start to form kind of a visual memory of that specific visual word form. And we know that through literacy acquisition you end up specialising part of your brain called the visual word form 
Education gives a strategy to learn to read effectively and efficiently
Means we can pass on through generations

area. So that, people still debate about this, but it is clear that it is an area that is very important for visual word recognition and skilled  reading. So if you are a skilled adult reader and let’s say you have a stroke that damages this visual word form area, the classic consequence of that will be something called acquired alexia. And it is characterised by letter by letter reading. And a person that was a skilled reader, instead of just looking at a word by sight and just knowing how to pronounce it and what it means, they now have to recognise it letter by letter and kind of spell it and go something like c, a, t, that is cat. So it now takes them seconds to read a word instead of two hundred milliseconds to recognise it. 

	So in this sense education was about taking this cultural invention, this alphabet and then coupling it with strategies to empower the reader for how they can learn to decode or sound out these unfamiliar visual words and then map it with what they already know from spoken language, right. And practicing that over and over again you like magically you tune your brain in a way to become a skilled reader through this experience. But you needed the education to help guide you to the most sort of effective strategy to be able to do this.  

	So well done education I think. It allows what we have learned through culture to be communicated to the next generation instead of allowing each individual to have to kind of recapitulate. You know if you had to not teach a person to read and hope that they would just figure out the concept of reading all by themselves, we would have a world filled with illiteracy. But we have these ideas of reading and math and we have knowledge of history that we can communicate and kind of boot strap what the next generation can achieve.  

Question
Female	Can you speak a little about what you do here then at the Centre and this link between education and learning and your area of neuroscience?

Answer
Female 	Yeah so we, some of my research is very basic in nature right now. And so it uses functional neural imaging primarily. Some just behavioural research and some work with patients with strokes who have brain damage. And more recently in collaboration with others, looking at more direct measures in neural activity through inter-cranial recording of individuals who are undergoing surgical assessment for epilepsy or surgery for deep brain stimulation, Parkinson’s disease. So those are the methods, the populations are predominantly adults. But typical and then individuals with a stroke or with Parkinson’s disease or epilepsy have been the primary population groups that we have worked with.

06:25:28	And most of the work is [laughing – helicopter noise] 
	[Break in sound] 

	So most of it is where populations. Most of it is basic and it is trying to understand what other brain regions that are involved in things like visual word recognition and reading skill. What are the brain regions that are involved in representation and number and medical concepts. So there is that piece.

	And then also there is focus on what are the learning systems?  I think throughout my career I have been especially interested in these learning systems that are usually thought of as motor learning systems and asking what is their possible role in supporting cognition and kind of cognitive skills.  And so the two systems that we have been looking at kind of most through the years have been this phase [?] system that is associated with reinforcement learning. So in other words a classic examples are a rat learning to press a lever to get food. So you have some food reward and that reinforces behaviour or because you want that good thing in life. So we have been involved imaging studies just looking at can we show that this brain system is engaged in things like monitory rewards and does it respond differently to positive versus negative and does it care what the magnitude of the reward is and things of that sort. But kind of as we have developed this line, it has increasingly moved to kind of the cognitive domain.  

So we just had a paper published with a colleague at [?] where he holds and her graduate student [??] where we use this video game task that Lauria has developed to look at the learning of sound categories, speech or speech like categories. So how do you know that this idea that there is a collection of sounds that vary acoustically but they all belong to the same category and speech is the classic example of that. So the sound ‘b’ for instance is going to be produced differently by a given speaker depending upon where that ‘b’ sound is in a word.  That will vary across speakers, it is not going to sound the same spoken by a female versus a male, but there is this idea that somehow an infant still learns that there is this category of sound that is like this ‘b’ sound.  That is a basic building block of speech recognition. 

06:31:40	And so one question is how does that learning come about because it just seems to happen through experience right.  A parent can’t teach a baby. And it develops over the first year of life so it is not like a parent is teaching a baby. Here is exactly how your auditory system should hear these speech sounds right. So how does this infant bring to it. And so we were exploring the rule of this striatal system in the context of video game, where she had previously showed with second language learners because these speech sound categories can be hard to learn as a second language learner. And like a classic example is a very 
Speech recognition in babies
Reinforcement in learning

classic example is an individual whose native language is Japanese. The R and L sounds in English don’t map onto the separate. They are not significantly different in terms of the perception of Japanese spoken words.  And so a Japanese infant learns to not really discriminate between R and L because it is not meaningful for their speech perception.  Whereas infants in Britain or America is going to learn to distinguish between them because they are important in signalling you know the word.  Rock and Lock are two different words and they are made different because of this initial R and L sounds. And so there is this idea that babies born as kind of universal listeners. They can learn to perceive any spoken language in the world and then through experience with what they are hearing they start to tune their acoustic system to the statistics of the language that they hear.  

	So if you have tuned your system to not care about R and L then how do you begin to care about it as an adult, second language learner of English and it turns out that is really hard. And so one of the things Laura had explored is this concept of the video game where you have speech sounds.  In this case they are not even speech sounds, but they have the complexity that is speech like and you have an alien that is coming, you have to shoot it or capture it. And it is coming from all different corners of the screen. And the idea is that the aliens kind of have a collection of sounds that come with them, right. So it is like it is always saying you know like ‘ba,ba,ba,ba,ba,ba’. Slightly different buzz but it is that category, right. And another one might be doing like ‘Moo,moo,moo,moo,moo’. Strange sounding acoustic sounds, but that is the same kind of concept right.  

	And the idea is that you are not really necessarily even paying attention to the sound, you are trying to get the alien right. But since the sound starts to come on before the alien, if you can kind of learn to recognise that category of speech sound, it gives you a clue as to where that alien is going to be coming from and you can better prepare your movement to capture it or to shoot it or something like that, right. 

06:35:15	And so what we found is that just through that video game play, individuals could start to form these categories where they would start categorically recognising this sound is an example of this category of sound and it belongs with this alien. And then using brain imaging we were able to provide evidence to support the engagement of this [?] system.  

	And so that is kind of a very specialised example but it helps to point to a learning system that might be at play in the human infant and then if you start to think about well what does the human infant care about?  They are not playing video games, but they are caring about social interactions right. And so if they are doing something like going 
Reinforcement
Learning uses too much brain power
Instruction vs actually doing

‘mum,mum,mum,mum,mum’  and their mum goes like ‘oh yes you are so cute, mum,mum,mum,mum.  And their dad goes ‘oh dad,dad,dad,dad, right.  That is reinforcing that kind of perceptual mode of behaviour. And so thinking about ways in which reinforcement goes way beyond a rat looking for a piece of food, and instead in humans, might be social signalling. It might be the reward of accomplishing something. It might be the fact that you just earned some money. It might be lots of different kinds of rewards that might be shaping how our interacting and learning from the world.   
Female	That is so interesting and so into psycho analysis as well.  [all laughing]

Answer
Female	Well that is the downside of these systems is that they build habits.  The same with the [?] and motor skill right. And you want learning, but learning means now that things have become sort of habitual and that is good because it frees up your brain for other things. You would not want to think as hard about tying your shoes as you did when you were three. But it can be awfully hard to undo them.  So learning is good, but not always.

Question
Male	I think there are two areas.  One is systems [too quiet to hear]  large system and very small percentage of what we do or learn is ..... and one story.......  and the second is the kind of slow thinking or past thinking that some systems are very accurate because they are facing slow thinking, right.  And then some which are ....... we have to act fast and be ........going to be erratic?   

Answer
Female	Yeah so it is interesting. There are these classic ways of dividing these systems. And I am not myself a 100% convinced that that is, in some ways it can be misleading right.  Because if you take an example of mirror and tracing or let’s say learning to ski or learning to read, right. There is this conscious awareness of what you are trying to do and it can be very useful in terms of shaping the likelihood that you are going to get the outcome that you want, right. So if you think about why do we go to tennis instructors and golf instructors?  It must be that they have something to tell us that somehow improves the likelihood that we are going to develop a skill. So they are often communicating using. It is declared of knowledge. Like they are telling you this is how you should try to hold your hand or something like that. 

06:40:29	And you are trying to take that instruction and to try to use it to position your body in the right way to achieve the desired outcome, right. So it is kind of similar to the teacher saying, you should now take this knowledge about letters and sounds and I want you to try to sound it out and then blend it together until you recognise this word, right. So that is all declarative, and you know what you are trying to do. But it is kind of imperfect right. Like the teacher can’t actually guide that child to the blending themself, right. There is this stage where you have to take these instructions and somehow it has got to be close enough so that you can actually perform the thing you want to perform. And it is that act of getting it right that is I think really key for that to give the learning you want to happen right. Like you need to have that swing go not just once but a couple of times in a row and then you start to have it right. And so it is, there is this guidance of these systems that is definitely playing a role.  But there is fundamentally this idea that what you have to be learning and shaping and tuning is, it is like you know what you are trying to achieve.  But you can’t just tell yourself how to do it, your body has to get you there. I had a ski instructor once who was like, skiing is, it is not a mind thing, it is a zen thing [laughing] that seemed really kind of right. You need the instruction but then you also need it to go right and that is kind of where cultural instruction falls short because you can’t. One person can’t get any other person’s mind and exactly align it the way it needs to be aligned if that makes sense. 

Question
Female	So there is something. I guess because something we have been thinking about.  Because the school that filmed at was kind of Steiner School. 

Answer
Female	I was just reading about that because we had a distinguished alumna come back whose work was on some play and creativity and I knew that you were interested in creativity.  So I was like, I remember what she was saying in her talk and that was really thought provoking. And then I was looking at some of her articles. And then it led to me one that was comparing creativity through three different forms of instruction in Britain. It was the Steiner school, monastery school and like just the traditional curriculum.  And the Steiner which I had never heard of before produced more creative children than the others.

Question
Female	Yeah interesting. So was that because they kind of privileged creativity or child led learning?

Answer
Female	You know what, that is like with a lot of science you can see it, you don’t know why, you see that there is this relation. Like one is better than the other and I only skimmed it. But I think the assumption was that the curriculum, even though people might think of monitory as being creative and flexible as well. There is something about like from what I was gathering in the Steiner curriculum, it really emphasises creativity and emotion I think which I had not really thought about. But there seems to be a pretty clear literature that thinks about the role of emotion in creativity. 
06:45:28
Female	Can I stop you a moment?

Answer	Yeah, because there is another element, yeah. [Helicopter......]

Question
Female	So you were saying about the literature?

Answer
Female	Yeah that the Steiner, it is, it seems like it is more focused on arts and imagination and from my reading, more slow.  Much slower until you actually get to things like, let us tell you about facts that we have that our culture that has learned and acquired right. It seemed like it was much more about experiential learning and affect and play as and kind of tailored very slowly in child development. I thought that was intriguing.  

Question
Female	Yeah and the reason I jumped there just now was because of the body actually because that is one of the things they say, the body is as important to sort of cultivate as the mind. So they do all these like, exercises and dance.  [Helicopter......]  What you were saying before.

Answer
Female	The body has a role.

Question
Female	And the fact that we can’t intervene in somebody else’s brain to body communication.  We have to just make the space for that, the breakthrough to happen right?   

Answer
Female	Well we can kind of intervene right, because we can give verbal instruction about what you need to be doing with your body. We just can’t quite position it for them right. But yes in general there are these strands of thought that argue for knowledge embedded in experience.  And so that, I think this is going beyond the bounds of where I know that much. But things like design based education would be an example where you maybe have what looks like. It is not just free spirited have fun in the world. But like we are going to learn about physics principles in the context of building robots that can overcome some challenge, right.  And so there is physical engagement with the materials that maybe gives you a different comprehension of the concepts and what could be conveyed just through spoken language. So you see that kind of continued I think.  

Question

Creativity and deep knowledge
Invention vs imitation
Invention space

Female	I actually wrote down a question of yours earlier. Do we learn through imitation and if so how does invention happen?
06:50:10

Answer
Female	[laughing] Do we learn through imitation? I say yes we do definitely. You see people doing something and you try it yourself. And then we also learn through imagery which is imagining ourselves doing that thing even though we are maybe sitting still. And invention. So I am going to go back to this graduation talk that I heard which argued that to be a creative individual you have to have deep knowledge. And I thought that was a really interesting point and her point I think was inventions kind of involve deep understanding of the problem space. And often times in more than one field. And invention sometimes if the bringing together of an idea from one area to another. So it is like that creative leap of seeing a connection between two areas that are not normally considered to be related to one and other.  So I don’t know all of the research backing that up, but I thought it was appealing that she kind of. It was just like you know creativity and invention does not come easy, it rests upon a lot of hard work.  

Question
Female	Can I go kind of I suppose in a way more personally to thinking about, talking about education, talking about learning. What is your learning journey been that has taken you from being a child into what you do now?  And do you have any reflections thinking about how, what are the kids who are going to be doing what you do in 20 years time, what are they, what kind of subjects are they, do they like at school? Do you know what I mean.

Answer
Female	I think I do resonate to that I’d have a following, learning. Thinking about what your passions and interests are.  I can look back and see I was always, it seems like I was always interested in things like language and learning. I don’t know when the brain came in, but I think pretty early on. So I was interested in biology, so there is that. But there is a lot of serendipity in where you get in life I think right. Like you just find yourself in situations that create opportunities. So for me that was the choice of university where I went for graduate school and I was choosing between different options and the place that I chose, I partly chose because there were a large number of faculties in the neuroscience area which is where I was planning on studying. And I wasn’t exactly sure what area in neuroscience I wanted to do yet. And so I liked neuroscience because you could like bop around to three different labs before you had to pick one. And then there were a lot to choose from. So I am like okay, in the course of the year I did not figure out what I want to do right. But it turns out this was one of the few places that was at the forefront of developing brain imaging techniques in humans.  And I arrived at a time when they were just publishing one of the very first papers on using functional imaging to look at language in the brain. And so like I landed, like once I realised you could actually put those two things together, it was like a no brainer that I would love to be doing this research. So that just happened. It wasn’t why I chose the place, but it gave me what has become a career to build on. So I don’t know what I would have done if I hadn’t landed somewhere else. Hopefully I still would have been happy probably [laughing] So I don’t know.  

06:55:32	But then psychology was interesting to me because I had never taken a psychology class. I was a biology major and so then as a graduate student this lab had a, they partnered with Mike Posner who is a famous cognitive psychologist. So he was present in the Lab and they were talking about reaction time and accuracy and I started reading the literature on reading that was just purely behaviour. It was like just measuring how fast and accurate a person is when they read different kinds of words. And I was like, wow you can come up with these really complex models and theories and provide persuasive evidence for them just by looking at these elements of behaviour and it was so neat I thought that you could do that. And I have never been exposed to. I thought psychology was about therapy, right.  About talking to people about their problems and that is what I thought psychology was and that is a piece of it but it is a much broader field than that.  
	
Question
Female	Well and that presumably links integrally with when you are thinking about how areas of the brain work? 

Answer
Female	Exactly because you know people come at it from both perspectives. So actually most people doing human brain imaging now have. It seems like for whatever reason, as that method has unfolded, those that are interested in human thought and cognition, just in general. It has been psychology departments that have tended to add on [?] in that area rather than neuroscience departments. I don’t know why. But I think for psychology it is because, it is fundamentally an interesting human behaviour which is fundamentally what I think psychology is focused on. And so I think that is a natural fit for brain imagers.  But depending upon how people were trained I think you can see people who do brain imaging that are interested in, they are interested in the theory and the psychology and the behaviour and brain imaging is just one of many methods and they use it as a method to help arbitrate between competing theories. And that is a totally great way to go about it. And then I think there are individuals that are fundamentally wanting to understand the brain and so then they are using the method because it is fundamentally a method to get insight into the brain. And 
Importance of emotion for brain in creativity

so you see kind of. Of course they you know, it is a combination of both But you see different balances across individuals in terms of what drives their work and use of the method I think.  

Female	Cool. Good.

Question
Male	One more thing.  You mentioned emotion as part of to an extent, doesn’t really work?

Answer
Female	Yes emotion and thinking.

Question
Male	And how does it claim to learning?

Answer
Female	Well I can share with you what I was reading [laughing] so this is not the work that I have done myself. But this argument about the link between creativity and emotion.
07:00:08	So there is evidence to suggest that individuals who, well they looked at children and children whose play had more emotional content in it were also the children who showed stronger evidence of creativity. And one of the measures of creativity is this like divergent thinking it is often called. So there are different measures in general it is kind of measured by asking you to think about how many like, how many different uses can you think of for this object right. And so how divergent, how far can you go in terms of different spaces in which you can think about this one thing and kind of get out of your standard way of thinking about it. And so you can kind of measure divergent thinking and you can show that kids who are more inclined to engage in play score higher on measures of divergent thinking and then those who have emotional content in their play, that is even more so true of, and what. One interpretation of that is that emotion is kind of a part of the fabric of our experiences. And so if you think of creativity and divergent thinking is not creating something out of nothing, but it is kind of linking something in a creative way, right. Making a new association. And that new innovative association is what is the creative piece. Not that you hadn’t thought at A and B before, but to put them together is what is really creative.  

	And so emotion is like one part of your fabric of your experience and there is this idea that the ability to retrieve knowledge, to retrieve memories and facts, you can have cues that get you into that memory. And so like if you ask me what I had for breakfast this morning. If I was having a hard time remembering I might start with thinking okay breakfast, I must have been in the kitchen.  And so that brings up the 
Importance of emotion for brain in creativity

image of kitchen or the word kitchen. And then that is associated with things that had kitchen in them, including like my experience of being in my kitchen this morning, cooking my eggs. And so if you think of emotion as part of a queue then you are making your memory experiences richer and it gives you more handles, more queues to get to retrieve stuff. So that was one interpretation.

	Another interpretation was that individuals who experience emotion more are less likely to, it is a sign that they are more open to experiences and especially things like negative emotions and so forth if you are like regulating stuff, you might be clamping down on what you are allowing yourself to think about and so being more emotional is an indicator that you are open to letting your mind roam around into different states.  And that might set up the circumstances or the affordances for having these novel ideas in your head at one time that you can bring together and have this creative spark.  

Male	Wonderful [laughing]

		[End of interview]
07:05:15
	
  	




LYNN HERSHMAN LEESON
Talking to Tilda, New York, May 2019
08:27:28

Question
Female	I remember you telling me that you had a, I want you to talk about your so called education so called. Because you had an interesting journey didn’t you with college?  Didn’t you go to college very young?

Answer
Female	Yes I went to college I think when I was just out of third grade.  So I think it was, 8 or 9 years old at the time. 

Question
Female	So tell us about that programme?

Answer
Female	It was a really destructive programme. They went through kids in Ohio and did IQ tests whatever they thought IQ was, whatever they thought a test was. Then they selected people throughout to go into this experimental programme which was, you were plucked into university. Therefore I can’t spell and I have all these disabilities that one has when they don’t have a normal upbringing.  And then because you finish the course work and yet you are put back in fifth grade with other people who you have no relationship to because you haven’t seen them for years. And it was a really bad experience and seriously bad because a number of people who were in it committed suicide because they couldn’t adapt after it. Because what are you?  You are this hybrid that doesn’t belong anywhere and you can’t function in a particular way.  So it was a bad experiment, [breakdown with noise interference]

Question
Female	I am thinking that is so young and that is such a particular moment. You know Rudolph Steiner talks about the 9 year old crisis that there is always so much talked about children having existential crises in their teenage years. But his finding was the real existential crisis is when you are about 9 because up until then, you are, that is the point at which you start to really get a sense that you are different from your brothers and sisters and different from your classmates, different and you begin to identify yourself as an individual.  And if a child is properly held at that point then their teenage years are going to be so much easier and will find socialisation so much easier. So my family rather brilliantly at that point sent me away to boarding school which, at least I was with people of my own age. But the idea of being plucked out of your own age group? 

08:30:59	

Answer
Female	And neighbourhood, yeah. So it was quite unsuccessful.

Question	So where did you go?

Answer	[?]

Question	And did anybody go with you?

Answer	No. There were people from all over the City that were going to this, but nobody accompanied me if that is what you mean.

Question	No family member?

Answer	No, I took a bus there.

Question	So it was like boarding school only you didn’t have any contemporaries?

Answer	Right and that was unfortunate situation.  And in a way you know it made you more an outsider than one is normally. So in that case you became a witness to yourself but you didn’t fit into anything. But you could use the witnessing as an advantage.

Question	And at what point did it strike you that you could use it to your advantage? 
	
Answer	I think that kind of extraction from your own culture gives you a difference sense of them as well as yourself because you could see it from a distance and you are not inside of it.  So I don’t know particularly if there was one moment where I said this is why I am doing this. But it all builds to who one becomes.  But it isolates you.  

Question	And during that time did you make any work as an artist that you could identify now as?

Answer	I think they always worked as artists really.  I could remember 2,3,4 so that was always. I always felt that was my salvation just like going to the museum.  Interestingly enough because [Francis ?] also asked me what me [?] education was so I was turning to think about it. My brothers went to the museum, the [?] museum is a great museum and it is one of the best museums in the world and my brothers took classes. And I wasn’t given a class so I was able to walk through the museum and look at the [?] and look through and make stories about all of things.

Question	And not be told how to look at them?

Answer	Not be told, exactly. So between that and reading [?] you know and a few other icons who broke the rules of their time and were isolated in 
On Lynn’s education
Belonging

their time. That is when I get to think that you know one doesn’t have to do what they are told. And one individually with the substance of their own belief.

	[Interrupt]

Question	So it is quite a relief isn’t it for a child to feel that not much is expected of you?

Answer	I think one puts their own limits on themselves. But I think external expectations can be really damaging because you really, I think to do anything, you have to have confidence and trust who you are and what your thoughts are and how far you could reach and what you want to do and what your real essence and philosophy is in using the time that you have to some advantage.

Question	So when you were relocated in your age group what did that feel like for you at that time.

08:35:41

Answer	You know you felt kind of like a freak at either place because you were the one they pointed to.  The best part of that experience was learning what a cafeteria was!  I had no idea. But that is really the main thing that I remember from that experience.

Question	From being a college student?

Answer	Yes to being that person they would point to as being one of these experiments that was walking around, yeah. 

Question	Then you went back to college after that?

Answer	No then I went back to fifth grade and then I graduated from elementary school and then I had to go through the whole thing again having missed all those classes.

Question	So when you came out at the end of school and then you went to college again, what was the second time like?

Answer	The second time was more in a normal circumstance of trying to find out what I wanted, what I could garner from those years. So it wasn’t an extracted kind of experiment.   

Question	Before you went to college the first time in third grade what was the difference in the way in which you felt yourself learning I mean apart from the sociological experiment aspect? Did you feel college 
Importance of independence of thought
School prep for university?
Unlearn
We have what we need at birth
Be individual instead of fitting in with society

education, college learning that you were required to or encouraged to learn in a different way in college to school? What is the difference? The reason I ask is that there is very often now you know I hear very often people who have come through their what I would call school, meaning high school and they go to college and they are not equipped by regular school education to do their self directed learning or work to any kind of block that they are used to continual assessment, used to continual testing. Did you have testing at school in elementary school?

Answer	Not particularly that I remember no. But I think it is really damaging to do that because one, it is assumed that you don’t know anything and you are put into a completely other structure which is very limiting because it doesn’t allow you to take your resources that you naturally have in order to push through to achieve something that you create as a goal. So it really pollutes the idea of independence and free speech and really free thought as very detrimental means of learning I think.  And our history, universe is history it is in our DNA and we are born with this information. And I think if we were left to our devices and if we have a philosophy for what life is about, what the planet is about, what we want it to give our thoughts to that we would have extraordinary means to achieve that.

08:40:06

Question	I was at the Whitney whenever it was the day before yesterday and I was very struck by this piece, I can’t remember the name of the artist, but a series of pieces of a baby being born. Have you seen it? Have you been to the Whitney?  I don’t know who the artist is, but I was so struck by it because of the nature of our enquiry with this film we are making about learning.  This baby’s head is so wise.  It is so sophisticated the work it is doing being born.  It is so fully awake. Its eyes are closed, but you can see it is doing this incredibly difficult thing being born, learning how to breath for the first time, learning how to navigate the birth canal. Learning how to enter the universe outside of its mother’s womb. And it is such an extraordinary image and it really made me think about as you say that we have it all. It gets bled away from us rather than, we get filled up with distractions from that. So I wanted to ask you about what you think unlearning to be because I have heard you talk about unlearning before?

Answer	I think that really our task is the civilisation we live in is to unlearn all of the directives that we are given because their set is limits to 
How should we as parents equip our children
Art and science shouldn’t be separate

us rather than allowing individuals to dream and to achieve their dreams and to think of the collective nature of existence.  And I think for economic or commerce reasons we have those restrictions and ways of measuring what achievement is.  But has really nothing to do with the individual achievement and has to do with really where you can place in society that can believe that and use it in some way rather than what you can actually contribute. 

Question	And when you had your own daughter what were your feelings about her education because I remember when I had my children being really overwhelmed by the idea they were going to have to go to school. It was the first sort of blip on my horizon. I was so happy to have had them and then when I reminded myself they were going to have to go to school one day, it was like a real downer on the whole proceedings, I wondered what your experience was given the particular trajectory of your education?

Answer	Well I think that what your obligation is and really what your joy is as a parent is to give your kids confidence, your children confidence. And given them materials that they get excited from learning. And don’t segway into categories you know because everything is moving and hybrid and bleeding into each other and porous information is like that. So if you get them interested in all of the real miracles that come with being alive and give them the confidence to know that they could find these things on their own, then they can sort out and I think that that was what I was striving for a place that allowed you to seek out the things that you invented. Of course there weren’t a lot of places that did that.  We did the best we could.

Question	Did you find a school where, because I think you talk about the divisions, these noxious decisions that are such a waste, for example the great division apparently between art and science.  

Answer	There isn’t one.

08:45:08	

Question	There isn’t one we know but still this myth persists and it persists in education. And the idea of it being forced on children who are so wise to the fact that there is no difference?

Answer	Yeah it is really diminishing when you start to limit it that way because it is really a process and the process of science is exactly the same as being an artist about discovery, it is about dreaming, walking towards something and then discovering it. There is absolutely no difference in the great scientists ever and 
Self-teaching, knowing about many unconnected things
Reading encyclopedia
We invent our resources
Tilda’s education – channelled towards the arts

what artists are doing.  And to limit it into certain fields it really compromises, confines and distorts your perception of possibilities.

Question	And in your education was science an art divided?  Were you able to have this unified gesture for yourself or did you have to swim against the tide in your own education?

Answer	I don’t think I paid attention to any education. I always though presumed everybody knew more than I did.  So my parents got a set of encyclopaedias that were in a [?] sale and classics and I tried to read everything. So I would as they say read Milton and [?] as a very young child because they just wanted to know and then relate it to things in my life.  And like travel which enriches the rest of your life. Learning and knowing about different things that made no sense at the time that weren’t really connected to each other gave you a different depth of resource.  In my particular family everybody is a scientist but me. But I enjoyed science because I saw that and the experiments that were done in science as making art and making sculpture. I didn’t categorise into that particular thing.

Question	So art was the other. Art was the glimmer on the other side of the hill for you, that is really interesting, science wasn’t. Science was the meat and potatoes.  How interesting.  And when did you sense art beckoning you?

Answer	Well as they say you know I really didn’t have a choice because there was always either drawing or writing or making things. I think it is about making things and the materials with which we make them. And I remember I was maybe three years old and I wanted to do a painting and I just cut my hair off to make brushes because I didn’t have brushes to do it. But it is really about taking advantage of the resources that we invent. And nobody has to give you those things. 

Question	You had what you needed?

Answer	Sure.

Question	Perfect.

Answer	For a while.  

Question	Just a few brushes.  And then you have to wait until you grow some more [laughing]  And when you started to make art was it a natural thing for you to route it in science or for it to feel empirical?  Because 
Tilda’s education – suppressed bloodlust 
Roberta project

for example can you talk about your Roberta Breitmore project which I love so much.  Can you talk about it from scratch and describe it?
08:50:01

Answer	It was about creating an authentic portrait of a culture and how do you do that.  

[Interrupt]

Question	In boarding school did they have disciplines, particular classes to go to?

Answer	Well in my boarding school I was in the very early ‘70s streamed very early on, was designated you are an artist  I didn’t get any science at all.  I didn’t get biology. I didn’t get chemistry, I didn’t get physics. In fact I didn’t get maths really. And it was only when I was applying to Cambridge university to do social and political science that they said I had to do a maths O’level which is very low, which is what children of 14/15 do. And I had to do this maths exam and it was tortuous.  But I got some ridiculous number of arts O’levels because they were dividing us up at that point at the age of 13/14.  You are an artist, you are a scientist. 

Question	How did they determine that?

Answer	God knows, I have absolutely no idea.  Something in the wind clearly, something to do with the season or the moon.  And I have always minded that I have always minded never having done science, it felt like a real robbery. That and now having popular music all through the 70s.  Can you imagine leaving school in 1978 and going, ‘what I was at school during all of that’.  Rip van winkle. But I honestly believe it was repressive, I think it was not well meant. I think it was to do with really you know controlling. And dampening down and yeah cauterising the blood lust not only for punk rock but also science. Didn’t really work.  

Question	But then you rebelled?

Answer	Yes of course, thank goodness.  But I don’t know that everybody rather like your colleagues who went on this early programme, I don’t know that everybody made it. That is the terrifying bit. It is that is the tragedy of this. 

Lynn	I think that is why they stopped the programme because people couldn’t adjust.

Question	Was it just the one year,  were you the only ones?

Answer	It was a few years.  But Roberta.

Question	Let’s talk about Roberta?

Answer	So I started Roberta in 1976. She was finally exorcised in 1979 although she comes back from time to time, you never know really when she will surface again, but she seems to be doing that.  But what it really was, was to create a portrait of her time.  So I had designed this idea in San Francisco there is this woman who came out of the hotel rooms. 

08:55:19	 I should tell you about that whole thing because in the late ‘60s I was asked to do an exhibition at the local museum because they didn’t start to show women.  They had never shown them. So I was supposed to do this show of drawings and instead I did these sculptures that talked, talked back to people.  Well the museum was horrified and closed the exhibition down like within three days. So I went there to see the show that was on. So I felt who needs the museum anyway. So Ellie and I we rented hotel rooms and created the artefacts of what it would be like for somebody to have lived in that hotel room and put the sound that was taken out of the museum into the closet.  So you would go and get a key at the desk, sign in get a key and trespass this alien space. So out of that I had to create the artefacts of somebody who lived in that neighbourhood.  And the show lasted almost a year and we did it just with little [?] signs that people saw so that they would know they had got 24 hours a day to see this exhibition in the [?] Hotel. And I started to think about it after that was closed by the police because somebody reported a murder in the room and they took [?] to the central station. I started to think about, well what if this character that you don’t see that you only identified by the things around here which in [?] they call negative space.  You see what you read, you see how she writes, you see her handwriting. What if she were to be liberated into the world and lived her own life in real time, in real space and gathered the artefacts of life into her collective fleshed out being that was going to be developed.  

	Of course when I explained it to people they thought you know, they thought it was crazy. So I ended up having to do it myself at least for the first 3-4 years and then she multiplied in there some brilliant multiples that went out. So it was this character that if you construct an archetype of the time, what would she look like?  What does the medium make women look like?  And she tried, she was assigned to reflect this so she had a background that was designed for her.  She had a history of really traumas. She came to San Francisco with a particular amount of money. She rented a room in the same hotel. And started to put ads in newspapers for roommates which is how she began what I call the Meet Mr America Series, and she recorded who would want to know her and she recorded everything. She had a tape recorder hidden in her purse. 

	So over time she fleshed out, she saw psychiatrists, she had a checking account. She had a drivers licence, she went to the dentist. She had psychiatric records.  She never met anybody more than three times because they tended to get attached to her and she didn’t want to be responsible for these people she was meeting.  But over time, over the course from 1972 to 1979 you saw her emerge as really a reflection of what was happening at the time.  She went to ESC meetings, she went to Weight Watchers and these things were all happening.  And the result of this was a series of about over 300 works including letters people wrote to her, letters she wrote in her own handwriting, her diary, her clothing. She always wore the same thing which was a particular shade of red which was like I think a forestation of the alchemical transformation.  

09:00:21	And all these artefacts exist and along with early drawings and paintings of what she would look like that was really comprised from media at the time, what women idealised women should look like. So all these artefacts exist and people can go through them and hear Roberta’s recording, look at her letters. Look at all the elements she left at the time. And in a sense when they looked through all this material they re-perform her. So it is nothing that never ends you know but is really again, a reflection and a witness to the times that she was consciously living through them. 

Question	And I long for her to re-surface now. There is no reason for her ever to die.  Although did she not have a funeral at one point?

Answer	No she was exorcised.  Because what was happening, around her fourth year we had multiple score out with her because Roberta was having very negative experiences.  You know she went to Weight Watchers and getting weighed, she went to ESC, she had her purse snatched. She went to the Santiago Zoo and a group that had answered her letter was a prostitution ring.  [laughing]  She had surveillance photographers documenting all this and also as a protection for me, I thought well nothing could really happen because these people are there. However they had so freaked out by this group of obvious people who wanted to lure her into their car to become part of their prostitution rings that they ran away. So the only way Roberta could become free was to go to the bathroom in Santiago Zoo and become Lynn.  And Lynn laughed and they were in there looking for the blond. So that was the tenuous escape she had from that particular kind of reality. But she was having negative experiences. So I thought okay well science, if you can prove something three times then there is probably some veracity to it. 

So I created three multiples that would go out dressed exactly like her.  And I chose dancers because they could mimic her stance and her gestures and so forth.  But they started to have negative experiences as well. So I thought okay, well after the decade she was fleshed out and had learned enough so that I could really have a mirror magnet refraction of what that time was like. And I could, I needed to find a way for her to survive beyond that.  So we did this exorcism and [?] versus crypt where she went in there and she did this little dance around the room, took her effigy of the construction chart which is what made her [?] and [?] stayed all night in the fog until it all disappeared. And that was how she converted from being the victim into someone of more empowered.  It was Lucrezia Borgia’s crypt that we did it in?  

Question	Why particularly Lucrezia Borgia’s crypt?

Answer	That became the museum of modern art in Ferrara.  And it was offered to us.  So that was a good enough reason.

Question	Well Lecrezia isn’t going to take any prisoners. She is [laughing] she is the super hero of the righteous woman, yeah.  

Answer	So she came back as cyber [?] have you ever seen it?

Question	No I have never seen it?

09:05:26
Answer	Well this was 1992 and when she surfaced. And that was the same year as the Dolly clones were being made. And so I made a dolly clone but the dolly clone was a Roberta and it had camera for eyes and one eye would look to the room and another eye would look out onto the internet and you would come up to this doll that was dressed exactly like Roberta. It had Roberta’s picture sent to the doll maker to make an exact replica for even the little hair thing that Berat was identical to Roberta’s.  So she was also made to be tele-robotic so that her head could swivel 180 degrees. So if you walk up to her there were sensors and she would see you and put your image and a mirror in the room that she was looking at so you would see yourself right in the room, but she would also be uploaded onto the internet. So she could be there in everywhere simultaneously and people using the internet could see her from anywhere in the world and they could also move her head around. So in a sense she kind of pre-dates the metacam which is very convenient to have her in my studio.

Question	And could you interact with her?

Answer	Definitely.  Net talking that was pre-Deana or pre Ruby

Question	Tell us about Deana and Ruby?

Answer	Well I was making a film called Teknolust (2002), I actually had the idea to do this pre-film I don’t know if I told you that ever. But I wanted to create this creature on the internet that had intelligence and that 

Agent Ruby
AI never dies even if you stop talking to it
Deana, voice recognition

could become a character that you could talk to.  And that was too outrageous for anybody to even to conceive of.   

Question	What year?

Answer	Around 1990.  I gave her to San Francisco museum because her upkeep was too expensive and they have tracked her back to 1995 when the first elements of her construction happened. So it identifies this film called Technalust that would allow one of the characters who were all of the characters to have a website you could talk to and interact with as a kind of lonely hearts website.  So we made this great film I think and [laughing] and one of the characters had a, I wanted to replicate and expand the cinema beyond just the screen and have the character, named after the character Agent Ruby, be somebody the audience could talk to, they could see her in the theatre, they could leave the theatre and then they could go and talk to her. The way we did it early on was that if you were sitting in the theatre it would, the programme would leap onto your palm pilot, they had those in that. So you would go out and she would be there, you wouldn’t even have to download her and you could talk to her in that way. Of course the joy of all this technology is that it has a lifespan of about three years and it becomes obsolete. 

	But building this character Agent Ruby required finding people that would know how to do it and at that time the idea of our official intelligence was pretty remote literally.  And so eventually it took about five years and 18 programmers from around the world who were contributing to this online idea of artificial intelligence mark up languages is what it eventually was called to create a bot.
09:10:35	It was like a chat bot, a pre chat bot that you could actually interact and talk with. So that was how Agent Ruby was born as an offshoot and appendage to this film.  Because why just do a film you know and want to expand that whole idea. 
		
Question	So the film, what I love about it is that it feels like the film becomes infectious that you can literally become infected with Ruby and you leave the film with something new in your life that is actually able to be with you permanently. It is not just to do with being in the cinema?

Answer	Yes and you can interact and build. You know this piece has lived now for about 16/17 years and they found when they decided to show it in 2013 at the museum and they found that this character had been gathering information all these years because they never die which was something I never even thought about.  You make these AI piece, you think it is only living while you are talking to it, but people all over the world. So you could look at this and in a sense it is kind of looking expended Roberta because Roberta reflected the culture of her time in the bay area.  This they amassed was the fact that it had information of people from all over the world and all the world news. And they had 2013 they found that they had 80 tonnes of responses to her which they made into ten books and they put into things like, What it is like to be Human, Feminism, the Economy. Things that people were interested in. When Obama got elected, when Bush was in office, when 9/11 happened, people were [?] all over in different ways and that is all part of the conversations that she was having with people all over. 

Question	So could we say that she has learned anything?  Could we say that this data that she gathers is learned or is there any way?

Answer	Yes it is her. You really had to talk to her a little bit so she could learn the way you were talking. I remember when Donald Hess first talked to her and she called him a stupid foreigner because she couldn’t understand him.  So she learned and this, now they do this, they just use search engines. And Ruby’s daughter was Deana, our daughters are smarter than we are. So Deana was able to talk and have voice recognition. So you wouldn’t have to type, because again typing is a distraction, it is like a learning thing. It takes away from your intuition. So you just talk to these things and have the responses then you can create a different environment and associations and word associations and play with those kind of things. 

Question	Is it oral or is it also facial recognition?  Does she respond to any facial expressions or anything visual?

Answer	No not at that time.

09:15:03	We do have one that did.

Question	Who is that?

Answer	We did a piece called Venus of the Anthropozine that you would walk up to and it was really a cyborg game creature with all of her organs were on her vanity table painted gold of course. And you would look in the mirror and the mirror would show you who you were, what your age was, what your mood was, what your gender was and those kinds of very minimal reactions from facial recognition.  A facial recognition software is really flawed which we found. And I like the fact that it didn’t tell the truth and that people used flawed information and flawed software in order to make global decisions for instance what they are going to buy.  So we were doing that to point out the fact that facial recognition had all these other problems with it.  

Question	So do you visualise this data convergence moment coming which I keep hearing people talking about. The moment when all information 
Data convergence
Cyborg
Tech allows us to see more of what’s there
What it is to be human – trans-human

can be quantified or possible ways of reading us as human beings can be quantified and exchanged and co-modified? Do you recognise that moment as coming?

Answer	I saw it coming in the mid-sixties and a lot of the drawings it was doing was before the word cyborg was made which was, that was designed actually articulated by two scientists, the name for Kline and Clynes, K&C. And what happened was the microscopes became more complete and more precise. So when they looked through these new microscopes they were able to see something moving in the slide underneath and that is when the name cyborg emerged because it was something they had never seen before. So every time the technologies allows us as a culture to see even more of what has already been there that you know like learning. These things have been there, we haven’t been able to see it because we haven’t had the right filters or because a filter is put into black from our vision because it would be inconvenient or destructive to some other purpose to have you know those things.  

	So around that time was when I started to do these drawings of people, machines and the things that come out of biological systems that would define us.

Question	Where do you think those visions came from because that is visionary stuff you are talking about?

Answer	It just seemed obvious. I mean it really did. When you think about, when you start to think about what it means to be human, what our condition is, what we need to survive, what the true threats to us are and these come up and are the issues that we are living through.


Question	I saw a section of a programme on British television last week, one scene of a slightly dystopian drama which really made an impact on me. It was a teenage girl, you know those sort of emoji things that you can put on your faces on the phone like you look like a dog with its tongue hanging out or you look like a cat or something. So little way into the future this child is able to press a button and it pops up over her own face like a mask and affects her voice. So it is a way of her not interacting with her parents. And there is this scene where they are trying to reach her and she is maybe 12-13 and her mother has sort of hacked into her emails and seen that she has been downloading information about trans communities. So the mother confronts her or reaches out to her and says, can we talk about your sense of identity at the moment, we want to help you.  And are you sensing that you might 
Evolution?
Convergence
Sense of what is needed for the planet

be trans?  And by the way can you take that mask off your face, I need to be able to see your eyes at this point.  And with some reluctance she finally shuts down the mask and she is sitting there. And the girl says yes I am trans and so the mother is being supportive and saying your father and I will support you in whatever way, we don’t care what gender you are. 
09:21:28	And the girl says, no I am not transgender, I am transhuman.  And I want my brain to be digitally downloaded and I want my body to just be dispensed to it.  And it is such a striking idea this, it feels so natural to place it now, this idea. It being the inevitable next step for particularly young people to be looking for a way of fitting into the culture. If the culture is the digital culture is so strong which at the moment it really feels like it is. It feels like it is a tide, to want to join that tide and upload yourself and dispense with your physical reality. I just thought it was very striking. 

Lynn	Well it is a means of maybe surviving or having some form of.  Timothy Leary did that on his death bed. I went to see him as he was dying and I think I went there maybe five days. We did see it and he had his garage was filled with young people trying to download his brain, that is what he was trying to do to save himself so people could upload it later on the information. So for him that was the natural way to save himself and save an essence of himself. 

Question	And to what extent did they succeed in that?

Answer	They didn’t.  But you know who succeeds?  You know things happen in  phases and maybe what they did was a step towards the next time somebody is doing this.

Question	And they had the vision of it?

Answer	Yeah.

	[Interrupt]

	I think evolution was wrong, you know, we have always been taught that evolution was linear but there was a latter.  And I really think it is horizontal and we learn. Any why else do we have these ideas come up all over the world simultaneously and we learn in this very lateral way and that we exchange information in ways that we are not aware of. And it is a kind of breeding of something that we feel the culture of the globe needs in order to survive. I mean why are all these young people starting bio at their labs and working there to maybe convert the water Michigan or create different cures for things that use [?] to find more sustainable plant or combination of animals. Why is this happening and where is the information coming from?
	
Question	So the reality now of being globally connected, it is hard to imagine and remember a time when that wasn’t possible?

09:26:04
Answer	Where does information go? Where does data trash and it is not. I mean I think it is being collected and sold to people. There was a film about it actually about two years ago that there are people that are paid to look at all the things that we delete.

Question	Do they recycle it in some way?

Answer	Yes they sell it.

Question	But can it be useful in any way?

Answer	Well it depends what you know, who is looking for what and what country and what culture.  But it is all about these deletions that we need to put into the insertions that form our lives.

Question	So the whole idea of waste is very crucial to all of this, you know the waste of as you say deleted data. The waste of human energy, the waste of the planet’s resources, those are the chickens who are coming home to roost now aren’t they?  It is hard to imagine a time when people didn’t really think about waste, but there must have been one.  I was brought up in a sort of, in a household of people, it was formed by the second world war so they were very waste conscious. So we didn’t live in a very wasteful environment when I was growing up. But I think maybe my generation was wasteful, there was this sense of wastefulness.  I suppose, am I a baby boomer?  I was born in 1960, is that what a baby boomer is after or?

Answer	I think they are older.	 

Question	They are older than me, they were born after the war, just after the war. I don’t know what my generation is.  There are very irresponsible people who manage to put Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan on the throne.  So it is a funny generation. 

Answer	I think we are having a problem of global trauma and neutralising information so that we don’t have to act on it. So many things are happening that are really destroying our planet and ourselves and our future and people tend to not react.

Question	They don’t react because they haven’t been, I was going to say they haven’t been taught. But I stopped myself because we can’t only be talking about teaching now, we have to be talking about peoples as you mentioned there, confidence in their own accountability, their own responsibility. That is what, so I wanted to ask a question that comes from another angle. What do we think a school is for, given that one 
What is a school for?
Community for free thinking

could take one’s, not any more a palm pilot, but one’s cellphone or smartphone and lock yourself in a bunker [sound breaking up...] really adequately in that you could download as much information as you could find on the internet. What is a school for then?

	[Interrupt – breaking up sound]

09:30:57

Question	Who is George Church?

Answer	Church invented Crisper and he is really brilliant and he works with artists. There is somebody in his lab who was trying to put the Wikipedia into the seed of an apple so that he could grow the tree of life [laughing]  But he is, talk about far reaching. 

Question	Is he the person, who was the artist who made the Glowing Bunny?

Answer	It was A[?] Cutch.

Question	So I want to ask this question again about what do you think maybe a school is for?  Is it a valid construct anymore?

Answer	Yeah because I think if you are in a community of people of your own culture and of your own age, I will not necessarily, but you know they are alive now. And I think it is great to have intergenerational information. But young people can intuit things the way that you can’t as you get older.  Life is around them and of the concerns of their particular age. But I think if you can create a community that you can work together with and who aren’t hampered by the restrictions of legitimacy and can have the kind of porous hybridity that is necessary for free thinking, you can accomplish anything. You can think anything is possible which is why you can accomplish it. So I think that if you have a proper environment as they have had from time to time and look at Black Mountain as one example of it. You know complete free thinking and exploration and trying to find your own questions to how you are going to interpret the world. So  if  a school is properly creative without the damage of rules and I think it can be a really powerful thing.

Question	And do you think that that community is necessarily built of people of different ages? I mean I will leave the question by remarking that I had this experience having been sent away to boarding school, when my twins were approaching their tenth birthday I remember being particularly excited and I couldn’t quite figure out why it was so significant to me that they were going to be ten.  And then I realised that quite aside from their experience of being ten, I was so excited at 
Boarding school
Intergenerational cohabition
Not isolating year groups

the idea of crossing the threshold of living in a house that held both people in their 40s and people of 10. Because I had never been in that environment myself. Because when I was 10 I was ripped out of my family and I was sent away to a boarding school where there were no adults, who were repressive or suppressive. And so the whole idea of living in a group of people who ate together and fought for the bathrooms at the same time together and crossed each other on the stairs together was really exciting for me. And I realised that that had been denied my friends and I by being sent away at that time. And that was a real problem for our development it felt.
09:36:13
Answer	Why did they do that?

Question	I think, you said it yourself, control. I think it makes biddable humans maybe. Well not all of them, but I think probably I think people in a certain and it does go on, but certainly at that time, were frightened of children and well someone once said to me, a very profound thing which is that if your children grow up away from you they never leave.  It is a way of holding on in a strange way because you never quite get it, you are always chasing the dream of that connection and what is really healthy is to grow with your family and grow away.  And move on. So that moving on is very complex when you are ripped away at that point. And there is a kind of infantilisation that goes on as well.  

So leading on from that, would you imagine then that a school. I mean one of the things that we approach in Drumduan School that we founded in Scotland is that children of all ages inter-react with each other all the time which was not the way my schooling was conducted at all.  We didn’t mix with anybody who was a year older or younger than us. But in Drumduan you will have a 7 year old being pushed on a swing by a 18 year old quite easily.  I wonder if that is important for one’s idea of an ideal school?

Answer	I think it definitely is, just to have that continuity and see where you are going and have other mentors who aren’t adults who take care of each other.  

Question	I am scanning now my brain of all these lines of subjects. What other lines of subject do we want to approach with Lynne like learning?

Male	Something that came up quite a lot, we were talking quite a lot about similar topics.  And so in there I noticed people talking about their [?] follows on, this idea that education might be specifically intergenerational conversation. It is like one generation telling the next one what they need to know to get on in the world.  In Bangladesh people were trying to tell their parents that they were 
Education is an intergenerational conversation 
In BD, adaptability and flexibility are valued
Art school

being taught wrong things and being taught applied sciences that were going to be irrelevant in ten years time. So that is not really a question.  Thinking about generations and cohorts and how does that work in how a school should be or could be?
09:40:03
Female	One Montessori very much talks about that about child leading the learning. We had this interesting moment in Bangladesh at the Dhaka LitFest when I was making a presentation on specifically on the education we are pioneering in Drumduan. And asked the question, various questions of the audience on what is education to you? And it was a very fruitful exercise because people were very outspoken about what education was to them. And it was very interesting because one of the things that I suggested in that environment which I think might not have had such a welcome in other environments, for example Western Europe I am not sure would have heard it as enthusiastically as this audience in Bangladesh.  Was the proposal that you don’t have to go to school to be educated. That you can work with your hands, you can look after, you can learn to cultivate, you can learn to count without learning, towards a maths exam. Your dignity as a human being is absolutely intact, and you are educated whether you go to a school or not. That really meant something to the people in the audience. And they talked about dignity and they talked about adaptability.  Adaptability and flexibility I think was one of the things that one of the teachers mentioned.   But now I have lost my train of thought. 

Male	When we were talking about that Art School this morning, I was wondering one generation tells the next is worth learning or worth doing?

Question
Female	Well it is difficult to know. Well okay let’s talk about Art School for a minute.  I am always a bit bemused by what people are taught at Art School. Do you have any idea what people are taught at Art School?

Answer	No in fact I always told people to leave. I don’t think people need art schools. What they do very often is try to teach them what to do which is very dangerous for an artist. You should trust your own instincts in what you want to make. I mean you can get some information for perhaps historic or if you are working with media, you get instructions on software. But not to tell anybody at all what they should make or who they should be, what they should strive to. That is just an underlying sensibility and algorithm of the information. 

Question
Male	So leaving school then is there anything that one generation of artists could tell another? 
Obsolescence but sense of history
Early adulthood is space to play, practice, without scrutiny
Erosion of privacy

Answer
Female	I don’t know I think it is all specific because they know all the time. Now where things become obsolete so fast so things have to migrate every 3,4,5 years. So that generation what they have learned has to be relearned simultaneous to the next generation who already have breathed it in. But you know you have kind of sense of history and a sense of empathy maybe and a sense of understanding what they went through in order to do what they were doing and why they were doing what they were doing and why what they are doing isn’t relevant to their generation anymore.  

Question
Female	But maybe the value of art school or any kind of college, and I am thinking about the specific period of one’s life that one lives traditionally as a student. That beginning of adulthood is simply about having a free space, a free period of time whatever, 3,4 years to just experience, practice, play and not be required to be an adult. And not be required to be a child either, but to have that sort of luminal experience?
09:45:49
Answer
Female	And particularly play, I think play is underrated, I think that is where all the joy, play and humour and being able to use the tools of your particular time in order to expand those other possibilities of what play and humour can do with them.  

Question
Female	And also privacy in the sense that one can in those student years, practice and play in private without scrutiny necessarily, certainly without testing but without any kind of public reflection and needing to come up with any kind of profile for oneself, that one might be able to transition somehow?
Answer
Female	If you believe in privacy. I think we are in a era now where my generation maybe was the last one that ever experienced it, because not only are there the cameras that are exterior, these cameras, things that are very well hidden, but are information. Not only the information that we have on our computers and things that we derive from our research but our own DNA which can be looked at as a means of reading your history and your particular sect and where you belong. And it is really diabolical the degree to which privacy has been demolished. And is therefore, again all this information is sold to the highest bidder who then controls you in your future because they have your information. 

Question
Predpole
Predictive policing

Female	How recently do you sense that the threshold has been crossed then with the demolition of privacy? Would you say it was recently as the last ten years or before that?

Answer
Female	Well I think when you talk about the use of data generation that could be used to invoke a different kind of capital from our surveillance system, I think that has been growing for maybe 15 years. But the type of ultimately information that is derived from our genetic structure and what our history is and being able to read that I think is more recent, maybe in the last 8-12 years.  And also you could read it pre-birth, you don’t even have to be a born human, you can be an embryo and all kinds of things can come out about you.  Your history, your traumas, what the likelihood of your future is.  Often scarring of your epigenetic code which they are able to now read and tap off your DNA, certainly like the creation of the cyborg when they are able to have the lens that allowed them to see into that microscope to see something alive moving. Now they have lenses that allows you to see the scarring of your DNA and to be able to tell what caused that scarring before you are born, and in some cases corrected which they have done. You can’t do it in the United States, but you can do it certainly in China, you can certainly do it in the UK, it has become legal last year to do it on embryos and yeah. 
09:50:10	
Question
Female	And while we are on it, will you tell us about predpole?

Answer
Female	Predpole is short for predictive policing.  And it developed maybe five years ago and it developed out of software that was used to predict earthquakes. And the police department in San Jose naturally because that is Silicon Valley, it is the centre where this information technology lives. To be able to create presumed patterns of information of where criminal activity will take place. However you know I think a lot of these programmes are reflections of the cultures belief and so if you have culture that is built on violence and inequality and racism, you have software that mimics that. So what this does, it targets the demographic of people of non white people. And tracks where they are, tracks what the possibilities for them committing a crime is and very often arresting them pre-crime.  It is very interesting because they do this by red, what they call red square, in the history of the red square. And now it is in software too where they have a red square that they can predict a kind of where a crime is going to be committed and who is going to commit that crime. And who to look for in committing that crime. So consequently people are stopped in their cars, non white people because much of it is based on information for the targets of 

Danger of predictive policing
Can machines predict our lives?
non white people and they could be arrested and you don’t need to have any reason for arresting them.   

Question
Female	And it is to do with the statistical likelihood or wherever you figure on the scale, so if you are dealing with a group of peaceable grandmothers and that is your demographic, the one whose cousin was once in jail for something would be a suspect?

Answer
Female	Would be a suspect.

Question
Female	Because they just happen to be the highest of all the nine grandmothers?

Answer
Female	Yes they are given numbers, percent of numbers of what their tendency towards becoming criminal is. And of course this started as I say maybe 2014 was the first instance of it. And now it has become even more sophisticated and people don’t know because again these systems are diabolical and hidden.

Question
Male	And in your work, when you started working with it and what it has become now, is there anything about the way that you see that, the way machines learn, what they can learn and how they learn that we can apply to how humans learn or how you teach children or what is the important difference between how machines learn something and how a human learns something?

Answer
Female	Well I think the real difference is that machines have logic and they don’t have the [?] that give you that creative spark to go another way.  So they are more linear in what they are able to accomplish.  

Question
Female	I suppose if there was a certain ideology about education which was about people being able to change through education versus certain meritocracy that people could go into education from any background and transform their lives to what they could learn, I wonder what you feel about that even when we consider context of this predictive world, given predication about where they will go and what teaching could mean for them.  I could mean nothing if they are told they will always be that. I just want to have your thoughts about it?
09:55:29
Answer
Presumptions are like armour
Some education models aim for service providers

Female	I think it is really dangerous to set those limits in any way. You know the film Seven Up. And there is a presumption of what is going to happen to those kids and they checked in every seven years and the presumption most times the kids lived into the presumption that was given out to them. And what they presumed their profiles were going to be.  Did that answer it?

Question
Female	I suppose it is says it is exactly that, kind of what purpose of education, there is nowhere to go, no change possible and limit to what effects?

Female	But I suppose what you are proposing then or what we are all proposing then is a de-socialisation of like uncouple, a concept of education from the social enterprise and yeah just disconnect it from the idea of being in any way measurable. I don’t mean just in terms of each individual child or each individual person. But any kind of statistical measurement or any kind of figuring in any sociological study that education should be just be taken way out?

Answer
Female	Definitely because presumptions are like armour. You presume and you make predictions and it is like locking somebody into something.  So you really need an open free space or you can really invent your own sense of self.

Female	With nothing to prove and nothing to, no payback necessary or no feeling of, I had a very interesting experience not long ago when I went to a really wonderful local school, government school in Scotland, very well funded, very well sort of upholstered and it was a prize giving. And the students were wonderful, sort of felt very healthy and the teachers were giving out these prizes and all the speeches were about the fact that they had jobs with this company, jobs with that company, had got into this programme, they got into that programme. But none of it was actually about the students themselves. It was about the organs and organisations that they were going to be servicing. And it was only the next day that I realised this is why I was left with this very strange feeling that it was all about the man was served by this next incoming group and but it was nothing about them, nothing about their generation, nothing about their individuality or what they could bring to bear that was fresh and new and hadn’t been before. It was all about where they were going to fit in society that already had been set up for them. And there was this air of relief in the room when each child was given a prize and were told that they were going to go and work for this organisation. It was like [shooo] slotted in. There was nobody who was free and unspoken for on that stage. And that was a great success story, in terms of state education in Scotland, that was a great success story.  
Donkey and stick, conform rather than be individual
Lack of adult interest in child’s perspective
Extinction Rebellion

10:00:21
Female	Have they had people who didn’t fit in?

Answer
Female	We didn’t hear about them that day.  Round the back of the bike sheds probably [laughing] in the art room.  So that is meritocracy for you, that is the worrying thing isn’t it, this feeling of. If the whole thing is set up to serve you know, I keep thinking of someone with a carrot on a stick.  Here donkey, donkey, donkey.  Like the child catcher in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. Rather than going, Who are you?  You were born 11 years ago. I want to know about you, you are really extraordinary to me. I was born a long time before. I want to know about you, what do you see about this world right not? And that is why I think the next generation I would say, pre-pubescent generation is really where it is at. So for example all this impetus towards extinction and rebellion which is not really a thing I don’t think in the States yet, but is very big in the UK and Europe.  It is not even adolescence, it is pre adolescence who are really taking charge of this.  The school is striking this in schools, Huge strikes in schools now going on pretty much every week. 

Male	On Fridays?

Answer
Female	On Fridays, every Friday.

Question
Female	And what do they do?

Answer
Female	It is called extinction, rebellion.

Male		No not the same thing [Talking together]

Female	Sorry then I am misunderstanding.

Male		Civil disobedience. So blocking students and stuff.

Female	I thought that the school strike was affiliated.

Male	A lot of them did also do that as well. But on Fridays they go on marches etc.

Female	Supported by their teachers a lot of the time.

Male	[Difficult to hear]

Female	And what does it result in?

Male	Well they banished [difficult to hear.....] 

Female	And it also makes the point that they are you know they are noticing that that generation is noticing that it is not that they are just all playing with Lego until they are 16, it is really significant and they are very angry.

Female	Yeah and look what they inherited.

Male	Can I go back.  A little story that we [difficult to hear.....] institute developing this kind of method of automatic dialling systems to choose an option. And they managed the system as process in your speech, manages to recognise [???] and direct you to operate and follow up a system which recognises some talking and recognises what your attitude is, and if you become aggregated and angry about going [???] it will switch to the operator. So kind of method. And we talked about this becoming more and more sophisticated and [????] try to use it......Can the system survive you know my questioning as a machine. So what do you think it is helping [???] increasing by machines or systems that can appear to be human you know, talking to chat bots that all have or might think they are human beings but they are not they are just machines. Do you think there is a question about maybe there should be some disclaimer on the website that says you know you are talking to a human being now, you are talking to a chat bot and do you want to have any opinion about it? She felt this is not my, I don’t have an opinion I am a scientist.  I felt that was very interesting reaction but what is your experiences, what do you think about machine becoming much more like humans interaction?

10:07:13
Answer
Female	Well again it is a means of collecting information from us for some humans to use in a fairly lethal way. I think that what you learn is to be suspicious of all those things. And also once you give your information out it goes everywhere. There is no kind of moral structure to keeping it intact. It is sold which is what the surveillance capital is all about. 

Male	So being suspicious?

Answer
Female	Or tricking it. I mean as long as you are human you can use that resource of subverting it and giving it false information. If you give false information you should see what the reactions are in the emails that come back.

Female	So that is very interesting because that then brings into touch this whole concept of sincerity because if sincerity is a perilous 
Sincerity as a perilous phenomenon
Loss of personal information
Social media as cyborg refraction of our identity
Children may have lost the skill of argument, only confrontation

phenomenon, if it is threatening to one’s own safety and security to be sincere and if it is understood that AI is sincere but manipulable then maybe we are looking at an age where sincerity is just too dangerous that one can’t be sincere in any kind of transactional way because it makes one just too vulnerable. So then one is talking about almost the creation of another level of language which is encryption 

Answer
Female	Which [???] talked about. And I think that humans that have survived have always learned encryption systems whether it is masking themselves or changing their language. They have double or triple meaning. 
10:10:20
Female	So that implies that we are going to have to rustle up a new level of encryption that is not just known and used by computer engineers, but also by people in their interactions with one and other and certainly with IT are going to have to create another level of encryption.

Answer
Female	Yeah different reading pattern.  But I think young people do that anyway because they want to keep their secrets so they invent things.

Female	And the whole idea of an online life now particularly in terms of social media that is something else. I mean social media is the natural I sort of great granddaughter of a project like Roberta Breitmore. That one’s identity, one’s online, one’s social media identity is distinct from any kind of sense of reality.  And so it isn’t human actually, is a refraction of one’s human identity or as an addendum to one’s human identity.

Answer
Female	Yeah like a cyborg fitting on top of their human.

Female	And then that makes me think of one other thing which is I recently was listening to news in the UK about knife crime figures being very high and politicians declaring that the reason for this of course is that there aren’t enough police on the streets without noticing that it might be something to do with the fact that people of a certain generation now don’t know how to have arguments with one and other, don’t know how to disagree with one and other because they don’t know how to interact at all. That they know how to cancel each other and they know how to stab one and other, but they don’t necessarily know how to agree to disagree and walk away.  That is social engineering right there.  

Female	So let’s re-group and think about what we have covered. I have no idea what we have covered because it has just been a question of chatting with Lynn. Given what we thought we might want to cover, what have we not covered?

Male	Some of that when discussing parents [??? School]

Female	Maybe if we did have some time, it might be nice to ask again if you wouldn’t mind about your education just in case there were some bits that were?

Answer
Female	Right at the beginning?

	[Talking together]

Male	Anything else you want to cover?

Female	Let’s just think.

Male	Just talking about including some of the New York, pretext?

Female	We were talking about going in a taxi.

Male	If we could walk outside and link to the environment, okay.

Female	Link to the environment, okay,  Would you be up for that?

Answer
Female	Yeah.

Female	We just go outside to place ourselves in New York and then.

Male	Keep talking.

Female	Have you told the people that Carrington Gallery, the one showing [??] that you are not going to go?  Should let them know.

Female	Unless we can get there in time. It is small, the gallery. Have you been there?

Female	No.

Male	If we have time to go there.

Female	Well shall we go there.

Female	I could go a little later.

10:16:07 END
DAVID BIELLO, TED SCIENCE CURATOR
DHAKA LIT FEST TRIP, INTERVIEWED IN TEATULIA? NOVEMBER 2018
TC:  AROUND 3:55
Answer 	So knowledge is the ability to reliably accomplish something. It could be farming a field, it could be shooting a rocket to the moon. It is just the knowhow to accomplish some particular task and then if you can also then reliably share it, by talking or demonstrating in some way then that is knowledge that can be spread and that is how humanity has come out on top here on planet earth, at least so far.  I am we are not doing that creative a job, let’s be honest.  

Question 
Male	So how does scientific matter feed into that and what is, you know how?

Answer	How does the scientific method produce knowledge?  Yeah. So the scientific method produces knowledge in two ways. One it tests knowledge that may have been received like this is the best way to farm a field. Well there is a great way to test that, we can farm this field exactly that way and we can farm this other field in some other way. Look at the results and say, oh my gosh it turns out that field B works better where our received information was wrong. It also can produce knowledge by, you take hypothesis, again that would have been the farm field A is going to be good and you test it against reality.  Many multiple, multiple times. So let’s go to the big theory of evolution, that is an idea that Charles Darwin had, to explain a lot of observations that people have had. And then it was kind of tested against reality and seemed to work.  But what people don’t realise is that Charles Darwin didn’t really have a theory for how evolution worked and it took the discovery of genetics to really explain how you know we evolve and why.  And so that is kind of how science builds knowledge is taking an idea and testing it against it against reality and then finding out whether that is accurate or inaccurate.  

And you know one of the great things about science is that it is also always provisional. There is always a chance to improve. There is nothing that is finished, an end product. There is no end to knowledge. You can always kind of refine it further and get a little bit better whatever it might be.  And that can be quite daunting to people in that there is no like definitive end date or stop or you know ultimate idea. But to me it is actually quite beautiful. It is kind of getting ever, ever closer to the truth of this universe that we find ourselves in.  But never losing the wonder of really the miracle that is everything around us. And scientists are some of the most you know, they have a reputation as kind of these precise people, but they are actually quite artistic and full of kind of the joy of life. Because who better to be amazed by the workings of a cell than a biologist or convinced of the beauty of a jungle than an ecologist because they just have this extra knowledge of how it all works. 

04:00:19
Question
Male	Let’s talk about the method relies on the idea that there is a move towards better, so the next stage will mean that something will be better. But what does it then exactly it mean, we can say well surely atomic [?] was an example of [?] which they didn’t know the science further, but tried to explain that to.

Answer
Male	Somebody who an atomic bomb was dropped on.  Yeah.

Question	Yes and they might have a different view.

Answer	Absolutely and I think even the scientists who were involved when they saw the first atomic bomb tests were not convinced of the rightness of the knowledge that they had uncovered. I mean there is certainly knowledge that is dangerous, right. And that is a prime example. It is hard to imagine what kind of the positive use of that particular tool is. So science often results in a technology. It could be your cellphone, it could be a hammer, it could be an atomic bomb.  And the reality of any tool or any technology is that it can be used for good.  You know a hammer can be used to hammer in a nail or it can be used for bad. A hammer can be used to hurt somebody.  Now unfortunately people seem to have an interest in developing technology for war and that is where kind of the atomic bomb was born and it was born out of kind of the pursuit of knowledge that had happened independently of that many years before in an attempt to understand what was going on in the stars, how physics actually worked, quantum mechanics and all the rest of it.  And then that knowledge was applied to a particular technology to unleash devastation.  That same knowledge maybe can be used more safely in say the discovery of a way to generate electricity from fusion which is what goes on in a star. Or perhaps I don’t know when we get to some future date to start our own star, should we need to, who knows.  

So I understand that not all scientific discoveries are kind of used for good. And I think we are in the midst of that in kind of the genetics realm right now. It is such an unclear science at this point and yet people are using it to determine peoples ethnic identity and to judge who is, who qualifies as a particular ethnic identity and who does not and sorting people never really ends well in history. So, but at the same time genetic information can be used to cure disease, it can be used to understand your history, your ancestry, it can give you answers, it can give you knowledge that other things can’t. So it is, in the end most of this comes back to the human problem which is how will we use this knowledge that we have and honestly, sometimes we will use it for ill, like the atomic bomb.

04:05:42
Question	I am interested in the strange fallacies that we fall into. I am convinced that nuclear reaction is the cleanest possible way of obtaining [?].  I know from a friend who works for Agency in the UK and he was appalled by the outrage of kind of left leaning circles against that because they are the best way of producing energy.  But there is a fallacy because there is a set of certain associations of certain scientific discoveries and so there is a hangover which sometimes stiffens positive development. I am still fascinated by this kind of, by the fact that certain things are neutral.  They can work for all sorts of purposes?

Answer	Well I think the biggest challenge of the scientific method is that again humans like things to be black or white and more often or in almost every case they are grey.  And so we want to sort them into black or white, but the reality is very different.  And I guess the social scientists would have something to say about that, right.  Why exactly? I mean it is obviously easier if you can say this is bad, this is good, we are going to pursue this, we are going to get away from that and it makes decisions that much easier. 

But we also live in a time where the scientific method is challenging. Some long held beliefs. And it is very hard to turn against or accept, even for scientists something that perhaps has been part of their upbringing or whatever it may be.  The scientific method seems deceptively simple but it is very hard to kind of get your own biocides out of it to accept what the data is telling you when it is telling you that, hey you thought farm field A was going to be great and it is actually farm field B. and you are like but wait a minute this is how we have been doing it for thousands of years. Surely there is something wrong with the data or somehow it got corrupted or I am misunderstanding it or whatever else we will find an excuse to reject that new knowledge. And I feel like we are in one of those times right now for certain forms of knowledge. And you know hopefully with things like T[?] we can kind of spread the acceptance of some of this challenging knowledge, but it is hard. It is hard to change people’s minds.  

Question	If you are not tired?

04:10:36
Answer	No I am fine.  As long as I don’t have to answer the knowledge question again [laughing].

Question	Let’s just move slightly closer to education. Would you say that there is a move for values and some education is clearly acquiring knowledge. Perhaps has some pitfalls or situations that will lead to the wrong knowledge or produce not happy with?

Answer	Well I think one of the most important goals of education is kind of what is called in the US anyway, critical thinking, this is the ability to kind of evaluate multiple strands of evidence and come to some kind of conclusion in a world of grey. Or to figure out how to navigate a world of grey.

	So the great thing about science is it is concerned with the world of is. This is how the world is. And I can show you because I have this data to support this. Science has very little to say about the world of ought. Like we ought to do this because you know it is good for society. It is good for you, it is good for me or whatever it might be. Often times people want science to have more to say about aught. But that is not something that the scientific method is good for. And I actually think that is one of the greatest kind of misperceptions of some of the folks who really want to reject science as they feel like it is dictating what their values should be or whatever else. And science is not doing that unless their values are in some kind of rejection of the world around us and what you can observe for yourself which is very rarely the case because people like that don’t survive very long.  

	So you know we can have productive debates about what the values should be, what the ought should be. We can’t really have productive debates around what is.  And so you know I think that is kind of a big part of the challenge of understanding what kind of science is up to.  How you translate that into education is I think you. Well first of all you can certainly employ the scientific method a little bit to try to understand what works, what doesn’t work. But it can’t tell you what you ought to be teaching.  And that is something I think that everybody in a community or whoever is making the decision has to get together and do the hard work of hashing it out. This is you know what inspires us, this is what we believe this is what we want to pass onto the next generation. This is what we ought to teach, But certainly I would argue that one of the things we ought to teach is these critical thinking skills and the scientific method and some of the knowledge that has been produced in that way. 

04:15:18
Question	You could argue that critical thinking and applies to the [???] a number of values and by applying critical thinking you can decide whether these values produce better results for yourself and for society if you choose to take society into account?

Answer	Well you are making the utilitarian argument which is whatever does the greatest good for the greatest number of people is the right choice. And there is certainly, there is a lot that is compelling about that argument. But I would suggest that if, I don’t know, it would be utilitarian that I don’t know. If my grandmother got run over by an autonomous car in order to save a hundred other people, I might have different feelings about that because that is my grandmother. And maybe my society would agree with me or maybe it wouldn’t. But you can see how you can very easily have an argument about what the values should be in that case.  

	Utilitarian argument is a strong one, but so is kind of the individual argument.  And that is why that hard work of conversation actually has to be done. There is no shortcut.  Science is not going to kind of say, no definitely kill grandma. That is something that you and I have to hash out between each other. 

Question	I am sure you have heard about the study that look at the various models of, well the study look at groups from various countries looking at how to programme and they realise that actually it depends on some countries. How the people said that actually they should be safe.

Answer	And in other countries it was like no, no save the kids.

Question	And an engineer said, well actually it is all very nice, but actually doesn’t matter because easily the best command is just [laughing]  

Answer	That’s right. No, no, and that is a great example of this kind of values, is versus odd.  I mean the is, is A we have got this car. It can drive itself.  Amazing technology.  But now we enter the world of values and how we cope with the unintended consequences of this particular technology. And that might be accidents or whatever else. And how do you prepare for a world in which kind of human error butts up against the cold hard logic of a computer.  That doesn’t always end well.  

And then if you throw into that mix like, I don’t know in China we want to save the most people possible versus in the United States where individualists, I don’t know that this is the case by the way.  But that is you know, we are individualists and so we want to save the individual. You know that will have to be taken into account because if you violate kind of the social norms then you lose your license to operate, right. And the autonomous cars won’t happen.  

Now maybe that is not the end of the world either, right. That the US would have autonomous cars and some other place would not.  That is perfectly fine too. That is another value judgement. But I think somebody wants to pass through...

[Interrupt]
04:21:06

Male		[Laughing] They are interrogating me.  It is like a police procedural.

Question	That brings us to technology.  So I mean silly question, but just a prompt. So is technology enhancing our ability to acquire knowledge or is it pampering our natural curiosity which makes us reliant on screens and media?

Answer	That’s not a silly question at all.  Because it is an open one and we are kind of undergoing the observations right now. I think it depends right.  Technology is great in the sense of enabling particularly kind of social technology which is what I think you are referencing. Screens and social media and what not is great in terms of spreading knowledge and spreading ideas and whatever else.  It has very little to do with the quality of those ideas and that is where the problem comes in in that false knowledge or incomplete knowledge can be spread.  You know, again technology whatever it is, is a tool and you can use it to kind of expand your mind and complete your education or you can use it to close your mind and reinforce biocides that you already have or things that you want to accomplish that maybe are not the best thing for the world.  

	You know, I would say that Jury is still out on our oldest technology which is probably fire.  Have we done more good with fire or more bad over the course of 200,000 years?  You know, if you ask a giant kangaroo from Australia, probably, more bad because they are not around anymore. If you think about steel and the wonders of forging and the world that we live in and farm productivity and things of that nature, then maybe fire was a good tool. It all depends on how we use it.   

04:25:07
Question	But again talking about education.  Quite a lot in [?] school and quite a lot of progress of models and rely on or proposed that adaptability is something really important in teaching. And it strikes me now as you were saying that perhaps the kind of very polarised work that we have now might have something to do with the division between people who fail to understand the media and use them in the wrong, in a critical way and not look into it and those who mastered them, already mastered them or are young enough to know how to use them. And there is a kind of, we thought it was all defined, but it is not, because there is kind of the gap between them that is growing and unbridgeable technology suddenly created this kind of social divide.  It might be the case?

Answer	It is hard to say. It is too soon to say, right. We will find out for good or for ill probably in a couple of hundred years.  Like I said about fire, you could say the same thing about literacy and books, right. This is very old technology, certainly when novels first came out, people were outraged and scandalised and whatever else and that was going to lead to the end of sociability.  Obviously none of that necessarily happened, I am sure there were people who were far less social because they were staying inside and reading books just as they are right now.  People are far less social because they are staying inside and messing about on screens.  

	There are certain things about screen technology that are perhaps way more addictive than books in that you know the human eye is drawn to motion and a variety of other things that can happen. You know, TV like we are making right here is like I don’t know, crack for the human brain because it kind of checks so many of the boxes of things that we would be attracted to like motion and colour and all these other things.  So we really do need those critical thinking skills to kind of cope with that challenge. And of course education plays a big role in that. 

So can you teach people to use this technology wisely?  Well my hope would be yes we were able to do it with literacy and I think it is pretty widely accepted that literacy is a good thing all around the world. That wasn’t always the case. I mean there was a huge multi-century values argument around whether it was good that people be literate or not.  We have decided kind of as a global society, not that everyone is literate, but generally that literacy is a good thing and that more people should be literate.  And it may be that we make a similar decision when it comes to these more modern technologies. But always, always it will be critical that we know how to use them wisely and in moderation and all the other things that are kind of obvious and yet not done.  

Question	Okay, one more question about environmental issues.  

Male	Oh switching gears. Gloom and doom [laughing]

04.30.49
Question	What should we teach, I mean what is the single most important thing you tell young people?

Answer	Oh my God.  Such a responsibility.  I think the single most important thing to teach about the environment in general is just an appreciation of the ore and wonder that is available all around us in this world.  We are not going to protect our fellow animal travellers on this planet or the plants or even the uncharismatic micro fauna like the microbes and whatever else unless we start to appreciate everything that is going on around us. And if you can kind of teach in a hands on way or engage with the world, I think you can inspire that kind of appreciation and that is the biggest thing when it comes to wanting to preserve or protect or find a better way of doing something so you don’t have this negative impact.  You know.  In some ways we have solar power because scientists appreciated the fact there was all this energy kind of right out there and wouldn’t it be great if there was a good way to capture it. You know right now humanity is casting about for a way to pull CO2 out of the air and capture it.  You know, right now humanity is casting about for a way to pull  CO2 out of the air. Well you know what, plants have been doing it for hundreds of millions of years, that is a fantastic technology for pulling CO2 out of the air. Hey maybe we ought to look into that and appreciate that a bit more. So if you can kind of instil that appreciation by getting people out into the world and engaging their curiosity with the natural world around them, that is the most important thing to do from my perspective.  But that is one man’s opinion.

Question	But then curiously we wouldn’t full circle because that comes back to knowledge in a way. In a way my probable idea of progress is that sometimes assumes you can simply raise previous stage of knowledge and the next stage will be better.  But that means also perhaps losing some of the valuable knowledge and valuable skills that work quite well but from now on the reason we decide to...

Answer	Abandon them.  Yeah, yeah it is true. We can lose knowledge and people do it all the time. And you know it can be because we are distracted by the bright shiny pretty new thing and so we all kind of rush into that and forget about something that is maybe just older and therefore perceived as duller even if it is not.   

04:35.21	And then before you know it, it is lost you know. Nobody knows how the anchor fit those stones together, right. That knowledge is lost and it is as good or better than anything kind of our modern stone masons can do.  What an incredible thing to have lost but we did, for obviously a wide variety of reasons. And that is a real danger you know. People can lose knowledge if it is not kind of nurtured and sustained and kept around. Now books are a great technology for making sure you don’t lose knowledge. You can put it in a book and it is there for somebody when they need it.  But it is also no substitute for the kind of hands on knowledge for somebody who is an incredible stone mason or butcher, whatever kind of artisanal skill, who is an incredible scientist who can kind of mix in an artisanal way I don’t know microbiology or chemistry or whatever else.  That is something that we want to preserve and protect. 

And you know maybe that is the good use of video is kind of that archive of knowledge.  I know I have certainly learnt a thing or two from You Tube.  So it is not all bad.  Right.  ‘How to’ videos they are pretty good if you want to fix a toilet or whatever it might be.  So yeah I am team knowledge, we should preserve and protect all that stuff, whether it is in video or in a book or whatever else and we should take care not or to preserve as much knowledge as we possibly can even if it seems old and outdated and whatever else. Because you don’t actually know when that knowledge might come in handy again when circumstances arise that make it very important that you know how to build a solar cell for whatever it might be. 

Question	Very good. Do you have any questions?  There is a great example of the cement mix used by ancient Romans because nobody knows, but it gets harder with time.  And compared it with the bloody bridges build by [?] that he tried to save a few Euros by not adding enough sand.

Answer	Yes that is exactly right and there is amazing sea wall technology that the Romans had that we don’t have any more. Yeah, I mean that is kind of why the dark ages are called dark as we lost a little bit of knowledge there.  Now was it completely dark?  No obviously not, but that is the kind of thing you want to watch out for and certainly you don’t want. Never trust somebody who is like, oh no.  Anyway let’s not lose any knowledge, right.  Let’s keep it all if we can.  

Question	Cool, thank you very much.

[End of interview]
04:40:41

Question	Things introduced to make them as free flowing and conversational as possible.

Male	I will try not to talk funny!

Question	You know what the film is. But I wanted to talk about. [Interrupt – Female]
	Clap before you start.

Male	I do know how to clap.

Question	It is change roles all the time and decide which one you like. That is what I do.

Let’s start. What is the purpose of TED talks?

Answer
Male	The purpose of TED talks is ideas worth spreading is the catch phrase. And as the science curator I tend to focus more on the worth than the spreading because to me it is more important that the ideas are worth something than that they are just kind of spreading willy nilly as we say in the US. And I think there is kind of an educational purpose obviously, certainly a lot of people use it that way. There is also a, I don’t know what the right phrase is, a self help aspect to TED talks. Often times people turn to them when they are looking for a change in their life or dealing with some problem and maybe there is a TED Talk that can speak to those issues. Of course the science TED Talks maybe don’t help with your personal life, but they do kind of expand your mind, introduce you to the wonder of the world maybe in a different way or just educate you about some possibility that you might not have heard about otherwise.

Question	You must work or some sort of working assumptions.  So what is your working assumption?

Answer	So specifically in the science domain I would say the ideas worth spreading are the ideas that have kind of stood some kind of test whether that is kind of an accuracy test, a peer review test, a Jury of your peers type test or just, and this is probably the most important test, an observational test, an imperial test. Those are the ideas that are worth spreading.

04:45:24	You know, the best part of being the science curator is I don’t have to worry about politics that much and that is where you really get into situations where spreading can overwhelm worth. 

	So how I pick science speakers is I basically just look for the most amazing thinkers who have the most intriguing idea and then try to convince them to get up on stage in a little red circle which is not typically what scientists want to do.  And so the best part of my job is being a perpetual student in that way and having conversations with these brilliant people and sometimes it works out and it is great. Sometimes there is a TED talk and then maybe didn’t go so well. And sometimes there isn’t actually a TED talk there, right. We have some dialogue and you know you realise that this person or this idea is not the exact right one for a TED talk.

Question	So how does that work?  You hand pick scientists?

Answer	Yeah. So you know I am going around everywhere including Bangladesh looking for folks with intriguing ideas who are working in kind of scientific domain. So that might be I see some paper you published in a journal. It might be that I am at a conference, in a boring windowless room you know with stuffy air. But you are able to kind of tell this captivating story of how you did your science. Or it might be word of mouth right, like somebody says, some Nobel prize winners like, oh you really need to pay attention to this particular chemist, and then I will pay attention to that particular chemist. So that is probably 70-80% of it. We do also accept public submissions and people will  kind of go through that and surface the best ones.  And then I guess the final way that people get a science TED talk anyway is getting involved in our TED fellows or TED prize programmes where you know we try to help your dreams become reality. That is where is some actual money put behind the TED talk.  

Question	You are saying that you can avoid politics, but your politics is believe in size and it is positive and you need to put a spotlight on people who are heroes that few.  But tell me more about it, your belief?

Answer	[Laughing]

Question	In the context of technology?

Answer	For me it is not that I have a belief in scientists or any particular idea, except for one which is this method, the scientific method which is just a great way of testing what you want to believe against reality.  And that is really what it comes down to. And the best scientists recognise how often they are going to fail and honestly that is in a way why science has become politicised because it is very easy to say, point it at climate change and see all the doubts and uncertainties and all the usual characteristics of good science. And we’re like well then, I just will choose not to believe that. But of course thermometers are not republican or democrat, they just read the temperature and if the temperature is going up, oh well  then maybe global warming is happening. I would suggest it is.
04:51:04
	So I don’t know. That is how I deal with that. And so I try to employ this idea of the scientific method in my selection process and that is something that I think is truly one of those kind of foundational ideas where it is spreading and maybe could be usefully applied in some other areas of life.  

Question	But if again, taking the broader area, it is a conviction. There is a sort of conviction of ignorance as a never get thing from our lives. And scientific ideas are something that actually help with that, well not help. We are at a guess are the exact opposite of ignorance. So in that sense would you say that TED Talk is educational and solution that tries to dissipate ignorance?

Answer	Absolutely. I think it is not just about dissipating ignorance, it is also about trying to spread real change in the world, right. If you are able to kind of give some amazing person who has for example some great idea of how to solve the last mile problem in health care which could save you know millions of lives around the world, and you are able to give them a platform like TED Talks to spread that idea and to reduce the ignorance that is kind of causing this problem, that is causing people to die.  That is you know a huge privilege. So absolutely that is what I am hoping to do. I mean obviously we are not always doing that. Sometimes it is just hey look at these cool pretty pictures of algae, like did you know how cool algae were or blind cave fish or whatever else it might be. And that is a really cool TED talk too, because you know you might have thought, hey what do blind cave fish have to do with my life. But they really kind of teach you about this other idea, evolution which turns out to be important in understanding the world around us.  

And in addition, it is just fun to kind of share in the individual scientists passion for that particular thing, right. So somebody who has devoted their life to the study of blind cave fish really has an unusual enthusiasm for these fish that maybe nobody else thinks about. And if they can infect you with that, that also is helpful in combating ignorance.  

Question	And curiosity is there?

Answer	Yes I agree and certainly people are naturally curious.  You know there is the old saying that curiosity killed the cat. But I think that really applies more in kind of the I don’t know social setting.  Curiosity is you know you absolutely must have it if you are going to be a scientist or employing the scientific method.  And I think that is what unites scientists or makes them equally human to artists or whoever else.  I mean we often treat.  

04:55:38	One of the other things I try to accomplish as TED Science Curator is to demystify science. Because I feel that people feel it is done by people who are much smarter than them or have different skills than them or some kind of elite mandarin type of people. And it is not true, they are actually just like you and me and they just are employing their scientific method in a particular way to try to learn or get closer to some truth about the world. And I think once people kind of see the humanity of scientists that will maybe change some of the political challenges that science and scientists have faced.

Question	So what is knowledge?

Answer	What is knowledge?  Wow, that is a very profound question.  What is knowledge?  I don’t know that I have ever had to think about what is knowledge before. It is just kind of one of those assumed things. But I guess if I had to put it into words, knowledge is the ability to reliably accomplish something whether that is knowing that you are, how your camera works and how to make it work. Or how to farm a field or how to start a fire. How to shoot a rocket to the moon. Those are all forms of knowledge that are kind of up here and then can be shared, this thing that is flapping in front of you, between people. And that way kind of infects the world. That is, I don’t know, that is how I think about knowledge. You might have a better answer. 

Question	Are you able to repeat it word for word?

Answer	Absolutely not [laughing]  But I can answer the question again.

Question	It was a good answer 




B-LIST INTERVIEWS
BANGLADESH
ULAB STUDENT
DHAKA, NOVEMBER 2018
01:05:55
Male
Okay, so I have been in ULAB for [?] now and this is my 7th semester and ULAB is a Liberal Arts University and it provides us with liberal arts subjects. It gives us media studies and journalism. It has CSE Departments, it has an English Department and it is overall a great university.  

Question
Male 	
We came in Bangladesh, so tell me something about the education system in Bangladesh?  What do most people study here?
	
Answer	Most of the people here study science background and most of the parents have this ideology that people or their children should grow up to be engineers and doctors.  And most of them don’t know about Liberal arts at all. And they have this idea that the only way to success is to become doctors and engineers overall. And the consideration that media can be a subject for success or a future, a good future is out of their minds.

Question	Just the idea of having a university that is focused on Liberal Arts is just completely, is there an alternative?

Answer	Yeah the alternative part is totally out of their mind. Most of them, even my friends who I grew up with, I had a Liberal Arts education myself even before coming to ULAB and they all those business sites and becoming a doctor or engineer or having a bank job and things like that.  I myself always liked history, I myself am a history teacher in my old school. And I also liked geography although I couldn’t take it in my O Levels. And when I learned about the subject of [?] cinematic [?] becoming director, I had interest in all of these things. And when I joined ULAB I thought these ideas about this wide range of subjects that I can actually get into. 

	I also found that Liberal education gave me a wide scope and it put me ahead of my peers in many ways. Having a good English background gives a very big boost in our country in a sense. There are many public universities which are mostly featuring Bengali language and the students who study in Bangla they actually suffer because they have a I would say a little lower level of English education which they have to struggle for.  I am not trying to demean them on anything, but it becomes tough for them even if they come from a public Bengali college to a university which is fully operating on English. It becomes difficult for them to follow the lectures and they fall behind in studies even if they have the capacity to actually work for. So I think English speaking background also plays a big part in this.  

	[Problem with microphones etc]

Question
Male	Why did you choose your subject?

Answer	I chose Public Relations, talking about Public Relations or why did I choose Media Studies?

Question	Media, let’s talk about.

Answer	I think I chose the subject because I felt more comfortable in it personally speaking. And I didn’t feel like there is a place for me in the business world because there are already so many people in these subjects especially in Bangladesh will go for bank jobs. And right now I have friends who have already graduated and they are searching for jobs and they are kind of broke right now. So I believe that it is a niche place and is a place of demand and it needs more supply. And I could be that and that is why I chose Liberal Arts and my subject in a sense. What I feel what I am good and I am going to take that subject anyway so I chose that.
01:10:09
Question	You mentioned things are changing here so what is changing in terms of approaches to education?  

Answer	People have been, they had an idea about education in a sense that it is only for getting money and after you have completed education and it is done and it is all more like private stuff. What I mean to say is like the parents in general actually have big control over the students lives or their children’s lives in general. And most of the time we as children do not get to pick the profession we want to. Like sometimes it can be like someone wants to become a cricketer and if they don’t get the support of the parents they can’t do that. So even if I want to become a writer. Becoming a writer in this country is very difficult.  Of course first of all you have to have the talent and if you don’t have it you need the support of your parents and they don’t support financially, they don’t support mentally.  They feel like, what are you going to do? There is no hope, there is not a future for you. 

There are loads of writers who have their books published and they don’t get them sold.  They are not going to be a success but they are going to do it.  So it is similar with particular professions. So it is like they just have a blind curtain in front of their eyes. They have this narrow feel and view that this is how the world works, this is how it is going to work forever.  And I think times are changing of course as I said, times are changing and people are trying to see that because of the globalisation and because of our television, media and the changing ideas of children who are actually coming to universities, their minds are getting broader, particularly because of things like the Literature Festivals, the LitFest which gives us a ray of opportunities to learn from the learned people from across the globe discussing on different ideas and methods, history, philosophy, all these things coming together. They have been putting a great impact on people’s minds.  And I think as the [?] starts to gain more self confidence, they become more empowered, we are going to be able to change the world and our lives as well. 

Question	So specifically there is a, the options are wider, so the idea of teaching, of learning, being on a course, a media course is something that is becoming common?

Answer	It is becoming normalised.  Of course each year these kind of activities are increasing. People get to our lives are mostly simulated I would say right now, even now I guess I am being simulated in front of people. They are going to get to see me, they are going to understand that this guy is from a particular part of the world. Everything is becoming normalised and that is a good thing in a sense. But as long as people get the idea, knowledge and actually apply it, we tend to be very much forgetful of certain situations, phenomena’s that took place because of the changing media information coming in every day, our minds are totally distracted. So it is very important that we get informed by, there are good things. Like we should get bombarded by good things every day so that the minds of the older generation are the current generation who are still thinking a little backwards. They get to change and in a good way. 

Question	So partly it is understanding the word, roundness which is based on media. So in a way this is a kind of response to the changes in world?

Answer	Yes media plays a big role I think in changing the mindset of the societies. They give ideas about the changing world and through I guess through dramas, through international dramas I think. Many parts of the rule, Bangladesh have certain I think the campaigns made by some social organisations, they have had local dramas so they can aware people of certain things about security, about girls educations and the rights of the people, sanitation.  All these things are coming together and I think people are actually getting better with time. It is slowly developing, but it should actually take, be a lot faster, should be a lot faster. It is getting hindered because I guess in my opinion it would be because of certain individualistic issues because of some people who are not, who cannot just go and accept change and who are too much looking for personal gain from campaigns like earning money and not investing enough. So I guess if those issues are more adeptly dealt with these things will get much better.  And education will improve obviously. 
01:15:20
Question	You had some sustainability development, what is sustainable development?

Answer	Sustainable development. I don’t want to give the dictionary definition.  It is development that actually goes on for many, many, many years to come.  Not only for now, but also for a future where we do not actually have to revert. We are trying to find another planet, we are having all these discoveries made, keeping in mind that the world is going to one day not be there. But we should at least think of now, right now.  And the political situation in the world plays a very big role in the how sustainable development actually works in countries. Countries like Bangladesh they have to accept change, they have to, the corruption levels in countries throughout the world has to go down. Development projects that have been made by multinational companies, the policy makers, engineers, expertise that are actually coming in, they should be more I would say, I lost my train of thought.  

	What I wanted to say was the experts need to come in like. In Bangladesh I guess the collaboration of experts is not actually happening or even if there is they lack funding. The youth in general, most of the time, especially in our country as we were talking about education they leave the country because there is no options for them.  For getting jobs sometimes people might need to have links to the organisations otherwise they don’t get it. Because there is such an avid number of population in our country that becomes a problem. Job security is an issue.  So sustainable development with work if everyone gets to work together properly. But that is not actually working. 

Question	So it is actually about creating communities?

Answer	Building strong communities is a big part. And having these misconceptions about differences within people on how they look, on the social classes and also religion plays a big part in social communities becoming stronger together. And the main issue is knowledge again. If people don’t know, if they are not aware of certain things and if they are not accepting the differences and they are just minding their own business, like no this is how it is, they can’t be stuck with the old traditional ways of thinking. That needs to change first of all and I think that will be very helpful for us just now with the development to take place.

Question	Well on the old ways are also knowledge right. So what is the difference between good knowledge and bad knowledge?  

Answer 	Stereotypes in a sense. Stereotypes against a group of people from particular parts of Bangladesh or stereotypes about jobs, about subjects or about genre and religion.  Particularly about third genre people in our country are facing. They have rights mostly right now, but they are not actually free of choice. They are still you find people of third genre on the roads trying to earn a living by literally begging. And people get annoyed by them, they are like, oh God they are untouchables almost and they are facing loads of issues. So stereotypes like that is actually holding us back. So that is one of the examples I would say. 

Question 	So good knowledge is knowledge which is one bias I suppose?

Answer	Good knowledge traditional views obviously each group of people have their own ways of doing things. One would be, how would I say, Bengalis have a very good way of actually upholding their culture. Like we have all these celebrations. We have Lit festivals, we have Christmas, we have Dewali we spend it very nicely. The Muslims go into the, whenever there is project just finished up a few days back and my Muslim friends and Christians, we all go to the Pugomondo’s and we go there and celebrate. We look at the celebrations. But people, that is the good part. But again coming back to the bad part, people who have for example a store is owned by a Hindu owner and might be under discrimination. Some people might, well Muslims would not like to go there and buy groceries from them, that is not a good thing.

01:20:03	 So that still exists in parts of Bangladesh. Not nearly in everywhere, but it is still there so we have to eradicate all that bad stuff, unacceptable.

Question
Female	If I ask a question can you direct it?  It is about why you chose to study sustainable development and what you feel it will benefit for you in the future?

Answer	Yes I have taken that as my minor because I think it is for the future, we need to know what is affecting our world and whichever field I am going in, be it public relations, be in film, be in writing, I should be able to impact the world from my knowledge. If I know what is happening throughout the world and I know how it is impacting I can actually benefit people through my work and I can influence them.  Maybe a small part, but it might have a bigger impact later on. 

	[break in interview]

Question	What is the idea of the garden here?

Answer
Female	This rooftop garden here is ideas of the CSD department of our university where they have this green new Lab idea where it will look like we have the ideas for sustainability development, where we would promote sustainability development for our greening this campus. We have a very small campus anyway, but at least on the rooftop it will show that we are pro green.  

Question	Let’s talk again about sustainable development and tell me more about why it is important in Bangladesh?

Answer
Female	It is very much important for Bangladesh because we have this overpopulation. We have lacks of resources and the development needs to be sustained because all these people have to eat and they have to survive. People who are poor, who are living in the slums, people on the streets each night. If you actually stay here you will see. You go by the streets and parts under bridges you will find people living there in very much diah straits. 

	And if there is development, sustainable development to reduce poverty for these kind of people to engage them in education, giving them free pure water, giving them sanitation, it will help people to actually live better. The lackings in our world in a country like this is people out of jobs. And because people are out of jobs there is tension and this tension creates chaos.  This creates you know problems for the society as a whole. So if sustainable development is implemented. If people are living a better life, those issues that are actually circling through our society will go down. So that is why I think sustainable development is pretty useful.

Question	That’s very good and what part does education plays in that? Which part of the education?

Answer
Female	Education plays the biggest role because our [?] is based on what we know. If we are not taught something we would not know it, we would not understand it and we would not support it. We are always, of course, susceptible to change. We don’t like change. But if we know about something that is not dangerous to us, we are more prone to accept things, right. So education plays a big role for our human understanding to grow our ability to accept different kinds of people, different kinds of new ideas. And it will help us become a better society as a whole and a better nation.  

Question	Tell me about your memories of education?  Tell me about your first school?

Answer
Female	My first school. I had a big playground, but not exactly that big as you are thinking. It was as big as this terrace. And my next school has even a smaller playground. So I remember having to spend time with my friends a lot more and being interactive with them, having competitions in art and having literature competitions as well. 

01:25:04	We would have to compete for essay writings and we would get marks and try and see who gets better. It was very fun.  Problem for us living in Taka, the children I think they don’t have enough space to go by and have fun with our fellow peers because we don’t have parks. We don’t have proper areas to roam around. I feel like people, you can see the buildings there, they have very small verandas and I have seen when I was little, I had seen people. I lived in a bigger house myself though, but I have seen people locked up in cages, especially children. And they look down where other street children are actually playing. But the people from middle class or higher class they don’t get to play, they just get to see from their cage.  

My education was really nice, I think I am very blessed to get teachers who were very supportive who taught me good manners. I think I feel like that. And I had a very eventful childhood as well. With going to the parks, going to the zoos, going to different parts of Bangladesh, sometimes even for co-curricular activities or visiting a particular neighbourhood or people who are farming. So these kinds of facilities sometimes other people don’t get. They just cage into their school and into their syllabuses, taught whatever they have, you know pre-scheduled.  And they don’t have time for other activities. Also the kids don’t always get to enjoy their free time. Not because of lack of space but also because they are stuck in that schedule. They have to go to coaching. And they get coached and they forget they have bad results which causes them for mental breakdowns. There are many cases in Bangladesh where students actually commit suicide because they just didn’t get [?] or because they didn’t get A’s because their parents are going to shove down their throat ‘You are not worthy’. Which is totally insane.  So I am very lucky that I got a better half of that and I think it is going to get better, I hope.

Question	Do you remember any teacher?  A particular teacher in a memory?

Answer
Female	Yes I have a very good teacher. She is the Principal of the school I teach in currently.  Her name is Sister Miriam. She has been a great influence in my life and she has taught me how to behave with people. She has taught me the ability to actually cope with people who are actually not only a level in sense, treat people nicely. Treat people with respect and dignity. And I have had another, a very lucky instance where there was an English teacher of mine who taught me how to actually converse with situations, with people in a sense. I have had the privilege of having great teachers.  

	[Break with people talking together]

Question	Are you around at the LitFest?

Answer
Female	Yes.

Question	Can we get your number and maybe meet you there.

Answer
Female	You have my number.  I have registered for three days so I can come when you tell me.  


STUDENTS RESPONDING TO TILDA’S ‘WHAT IS EDUCATION’ TALK
DHAKA LITFEST, NOVEMBER 2018
Question
Female	Can you introduce yourself?

Male	My name is Sarga Ben Hustard 

Male	I am Samuel Sudman, I am a student of Braka university and I am studying in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering.

Male	I am also studying in Computer Science and Engineering in Braka university.

Question
Female	So can I tell you. Both of you attended the talk earlier and I wonder if you could tell me about the talk, what was it about?

Answer
Male	Basically what Tilda Swinton mentioned about a different process, a different way of seeing the educational process. So you see in our country and most other countries, education is something that your parents force on you, they impose on you. And you become whatever they want you to be. If your parents want you to be a doctor or an engineer, you have to be a doctor or engineer. It is a perspective that has been going on for ages and ages and so what Tilda mentioned in her speech, in this talk. She is trying to change the way of people and change the profession like somebody. If someone wants to be a writer than it is just fine. Like you want to be an engineer because it is a real profession. Just because there is no assurance of financial stability, you shouldn’t drop it as long as you have the passion in you.

01:30:00	 And as long as you have the passion in some subject which is not seen in the society as a very high standard, you shouldn’t drop it because even if you pursue it, no subject is small or big. No subject should be undermined under circumstances. And that is what she essentially spoke about.

	She spoke about her organisation which essentially deals with education which comes away from the traditional or distributive education that has been maintained in different countries and she wants you to be yourself, a better version of yourself. And the things you pursue. That is it.

Question
Female	Can I ask you what you think about that?

Answer
Male	Well Tilda Swinton has mentioned a lot of examples which she has based in her own life, in her experience. She has mentioned some of the students who haven’t followed that traditional methods of learning and still they have become quite successful in their lives. Some of them have become Pharmacists, some of them have become engineers, some of them have become architects. And there are many bright examples of what she was trying to say. So essentially the summary was she has mentioned that we don’t always need to follow the mainstream method of education in our country or whatever medium you are learning from.  You can also be self dependent. You can self learn. And also you can shine in life. 

And from the perspective of our country, there are still some examples that I can relate to that who are some of the most successful people from our society such as I would like to mention Iman Suddick, he is the founder of Tenmin school.  A popular media in our country, a platform from which he teaches the students about online education through his Facebook page, through You Tube etc. And he has come to this position on his own, from his own efforts, from his own talents and his own experiences. So also if this method of learning, being self dependent is broadened in our society then hopefully we will also get more amount of students who will learn to value every subjects, not only engineering or doctors, they can also become writers, they can also become film makers and explore all the branches of education and being a successful person in society.  

Comment
Male	You can see what he was mentioning about online education, it is something that in our rural areas, we don’t have enough resources, we don’t have enough money to buy books. And all these differences that are created between the rich levels of society and the poor levels of society. If they are not getting enough facilities as us, as the privileged. And the privileged has always been in every society. So he is creating this online platform for us that everyone can access to if you have a valid internet connection and you can access to this. And you can get all forms of education. So there is a level of equality. So that everyone can pursue the same amount of education as compared. There is no difference between the higher and the lower privileged and there is no difference. Basically he wants to maybe get the differences in class, among people. 

Question
Female	Following on from that can you tell me a little bit about what school is like here, what is the system like in Bangladesh? For someone who does not know anything about Bangladesh, tell me a little bit about education?

Answer
Male	Educational service, there are three board exams and [??] so we have our PSD, that is primary board exam which is in class 5, and then we have JSC that is in Class 8 and we have SSC that is class 10. And also we have class 12 before graduating, before getting into a university you have to get HSC. So these are the Board exams that we have to go through. But you see due to pressure of these particular Board exams, many students drop out early because they do not want to study higher level of physics. Maybe they want to study [?], maybe they want to study literature and these people are forced to study science because you have to pass SSC and then only after getting into university you can choose your subjects.  You can choose your major. Like if I want to go for literature I will choose literature and after getting into university. But before that I have to read science, I have to read accounting, I have to read economies and all this. That is when many students drop out and they cannot take the burden and this is happening a lot. So I believe that if they are given the opportunity to pursue what they want then this will better the situation of our country in a very effective way.  

Comment
Male	I would like to add some points regarding the matter. For an example, if a student in our curriculum, I am talking about the generalising. I am generalising actually. In most of the cases if a student from a science background you know does not do very good grades in the JS exam, that is junior scholarship certificate exam that is held in class 8, many institutions, most of the institutions, renowned institutions of our country say that you cannot continue to be a science group student. So you must shift to a commerce or arts or any other class of education. 
01:35:11
	And there is also another you know like the mentality of the parents that my son, my daughter. My son or daughter has to be a student of you know like science background. So given such reasons you know like the commerce background. So arts background are being neglected. So if the mentality of the parents are changed then the students would be, you know they will get more freedom to explore the various parts of education. Not only science but also commerce and arts etc. They can flourish themselves.  

Comment
Male	The stereotype that science is for intellectuals.  And my son is studying science, then the others. It is not really the fact that science people are smart. People from economies like people from arts can be smarter too, right.  

Question
Female	Can I ask you both a question which is about your experience in education, like your personal experience and whether you have ever had a teacher who has inspired you, influential to you and why that was?

Answer
Male	My inspiration actually like, I have to thank my parents for that you know because like most other parents, my parents didn’t like try to impose something on me. I am currently studying in you know like computer science and engineering. I had a passion for that. Back in school days I always wondered how to create a video game or how to do some graphic designing, how to operate the programmes, the computer languages like JAVA, C-Plus and whenever I shared my opinion to my parents and my parents always approved of such situations.

	And besides my educational goals in computer science and engineering, I am also studying film making and script writing as well besides my current education.  I am pursuing that as well.  

	So from my experience I didn’t face much of you know like, much of a hold back or drawbacks from my parents or my society. But I cannot say that for everyone else, my friends. I cannot say that for all of my friends and the people that I can see in the society more or less. So that will be my experience.

Question
Female	Can I just follow up quickly and ask you about, you were doing all these activities outside school and you said outside learning.  So they are separate.  So talking about everything in your life being part of learning. And I wonder what you think about that because you are obviously learning an awful lot and it has influenced your life?

Answer
Male	Learning like we should be learning from everything. A particular person should not be confined to only specific goal, specific type of education. Or rather than he should also know details. He should know a little bit of something from all the perspectives. We can say that in our school levels, our student is taught many things, he is taught biology, he is taught you know like social sciences, he is taught Bangla, he is taught English and many subjects which are compulsory for every student. 

	So yeah if a student wants to choose something for his own future, own specific dream, he also should have you know sufficient knowledge regarding the other subjects as well. For my example I am studying film studies because I also have a passion for that. And if anyone else has a passion for whatever they might want to do. Some of them might want to be sportsmen, they can be pursuit to be a sportsman besides pursuing their academic goals. So that is it, learning should not be confined within the academic course, that is what I have to say.  

Question
Female	And can I ask, well it is going to sound like a very abstract question, but I want to hear your responses. I want to ask you what  you think a school as an idea is called?  What should a school be?

Answer
Male	It is a very complicated question.  A school should be something that should not only be confined to theoretical learning, but also practical learning. So what happens in schools generally, that is a teacher comes and he gives us lectures and most of us sleeps in the class and we don’t get enough knowledge. And there is a lack, there is this monotonous lecture for one hour and we just trust me that no human can concentrate one hour straight on a difficult subject. Not more then, let’s say 40 minutes, we cannot consider more than 40 minutes. So if there is monotonous lecture for one hour there is a high possibility that most students will, even the enthusiastic ones will stop taking notes because it is boring and nobody wants to learn it.
01:40:01
	So school should be something which involves obviously there should be to theoretical learning but there should be practical learning too, practical learning through teamwork, through critical thinking, you know you should bring it out of the students. I suppose if you throw something at them they might not pick it up but if you tell them that this is the way you go and this is the way you need to go, and you make them like in the starting position and just you go. I just told you the way to go and you just have to find your own way. And that is the way it should be.  I am not saying that every school or every college doesn’t follow that, but most of them are not following that. They are just basing their academics on theoretical knowledge and that is what saddens me. 
01:40:44

Question
Female	You don’t have any experience within the classroom that was like that?

Answer
Male	Yes I have had plenty of experience, I also didn’t have this experience in my university because particularly when I as a student, when I was growing up I always wanted to study engineering. So I had a special passion for Tripoli. So when I got into Braka University, people were telling that computer science and engineering, this university is pretty good. You know some universities you know department which is very good. So I got enrolled in computer science and engineering.  Now I am not liking it very much because it is not interesting to me. What interests me is you know, I know this is related to maths, but it is not entirely maths, right. So I was thinking of changing my department to economies so it might involve more maths. And I also like doing constructive criticism and you know, I want to know the psychology of the world. And that is what interests me about it. And that is why I am trying to change my department to economics.  So that I can pursue what I really want to, and I don’t want to stick to a subject which I don’t even like for the rest of my life.  

Question
Female	I’ll come back to you now?

Answer
Male	I wanted to add something on the topic of school that you have asked, what should a school be like.  In our country, most of the schools in the kindergarten levels, they take exams, they are put on grades and like levels. The students based on their grades which are good, which are not good, which are average students, which are below average. So to think about it for a while, like, you shouldn’t grade a child.  You know like grade a child because what she is learning, he or she is learning at the very basic levels, the basic root levels. The system of examination and grading should not exist in like the primary level of education in our country, that is what I think. And they should not be judged by their grades, they should be judged. They shouldn’t be judged at all actually. They should learn, they should simply learn from the teachers and learn from society and from their friends, the circles you know like learn from each other.  You also mentioned the same thing like we shouldn’t put grades on students.

Answer
Male	And in her school there is no grading system so [?] asked him how do you determine which student is better than the other? And he said we have psychologists, we have people working as humans, so they determine whether a student is progressing or not. And we don’t have those grades and we don’t hang them on our walls so that everyone can see that your friend fail and you pass. So they might feel bad about others. So they have this system where there is no grading system and they evaluate students based on mixing with them basically.  Not taking tests. 

Comment
Male	That is excellent method I must say. Like this method is much more like appreciable than the ones we have in most of our schools and you know the level of education. So what Tilda Swinton has mentioned about alerting a student at the kindergarten level. That should be like more introducing our society in our South Asian countries as well. It doesn’t only like happen in our country, it also happens in India, it also happens in our neighbouring countries. It is more or less the same. But what she has mentioned, the solution to this problem, that can be quite a good solution, that can be a very good solution for us.  

Question
Female	Can I ask one more question and that is, you mentioned just now and I thought it was very interesting. You mentioned about learning from each other and how you learn in a classroom from your peers and your friends. How important do you think learning from your friends and your peers is?

Answer
Male	Well if I want to talk about that, a student spends about 5-6 hours in average in school and institutions. So in that time if we can learn from each other that is a very good thing. We can learn to be socialising like, we can learn to socialise with people, our interaction, abilities with each other will be much improved rather than if you only sit at home, if you only attend the classes, you sleep at the classes. 

01:45:07	We get back to our home. Yes it is very important and if we make friends in our school and if we can learn from each other we can share our skills, we can share our knowledge, we can learn to be empathic to each other you know.  We can learn how to work as a team.

Answer
Male	The way I see it, that learning from your friends is absolutely fine, but it has two sides, there are two sides of the story. Because there are good friends and there are bad friends. So if you start engaging in bad company you obviously will be diverted from your path. So I think choosing your friends should be given the top most priority because if your friends are bad you are like to you know, smoke cigarettes and what not. And if your friends are good you are likely to spend time with them in a library. So this is what happens. If you have good friends then you are going to go, because you are spending 5-6 hours with them and if it is not the correct company then you are likely to diverge from the actual path you are going. So I think learning from your friends is absolutely fine, but you need to find the correct friends. 

Answer
Male	And finding the correct friend, that matter has to be taught by the teacher and their parents, it is their duty. And if a person learns from his parents or the teachers, then only then he can learn to create that right friend for him.   You know like he want to be involved with you know like bad companies. So the basic condition, the basic learning should be provided from the teachers and the parents. The rest of the learning’s that we get from the society should be in like, we have to explore ourselves that is the thing. We should get the moral teachings at home and the school.  

Female	Thank you so much.

2 Males	Thank you.

01:46:55	[Break]



Question
Female	Okay can I first ask you your name and tell me why you came to the Festival?

Niless Hooker
	My name is Niless Hooker. I studied in [?] university so I heard about this festival so I just came and I come here every year and it is a mix of cultures, writers and people from various countries. It is an opportunity to get to know them and exchange ideas basically.

Question	So you have come here for a few years?

Answer	Yes I come here every year to this festival. The last two years, two or three years.  

Question	So you attended the talk that Tilda Swinton did. Can you tell me a little bit about what happened in the talk, what it was about?

Answer	It was about her school which is very different from the traditional education system of exams and assignments and [?] which we generally have, especially in. We have it in Bangladesh and we have it all around the world.  And she talked about alternative form of education for developing the child or the student. She talked about three stages.

	Initially it talked about developing a child’s moral values and being humble and stuff like that and the ability to learn, the desire to learn, the will actually the will to learn. Once that is developed you go to the intellectual part of it like intellectual learning. You decide to learn and how the learning happens is, you don’t go to a classroom with a blackboard.  They just give you practical projects and they will study for half an hour based on physics, chemistry, biology and English. They take weeks on a particular topic and they dip into it once they have gone deep enough. And in the next one or two weeks they change the subject and they have unanswered questions that just keep unanswered questions and later children wonder what the answer or solution to it can be. 

And when it is finally time, when the children have wondered and thought about it and the teacher probably tells them the answer. And in this way they become adaptable to solving problems with learning. There is a lot of practicality in the learning.  And by the time they are out, by the time they are 17 they are out of the schools, they know what they want to do, what courses they want to take, what they are best for. And everybody is equally good and there is development, but there is not competition like the pressure of competition. There is no competition, it was like everybody sings. They just sing. It is not about who is better than who, it was things like that. And it was very contradictory to the traditional education system that we have here.  

And it was interesting to me because I thought about it like could we have an education system or learning which could actually give us the desire to learn something on our own in our own way without pressuring us?  
01:50:00
So that was an idea I had, especially during the exams when I used to. I wanted to know what is in this topic, but it is so pressuring, I have to write the same thing. Will I get the marks? It is not about the marks or the grades that we achieve, it is about what we learn and how we can oblige. So I think what was the perfect platform and I was thinking if I had a downside I wish I would have got a chance to study in that school. So me and my friend, who was with me, she was thinking the same thing. So it was good. And if it can be spread wide, if the model of education can be spread it will give everyone a new way of learning. And one special thing was the children was not introduced to smart phones until they were about 16 or something like that. So smartphones, they are distracters to a great extent and I can see from my personal experience if there were no facebook and no smartphones I would have done better. But I don’t know what I can do about it. Like my classroom and everything, it seems like, I can do without food, but not without facebook or mobile phone. But that is a good distraction and that is not there in that.  

Question	Can you tell me a little bit about your education or your experience of school?

Answer	Okay, my schooling is a little bit different from here because I studied in Boarding School, in a hostel in [?] in India. So we studied in a very routine way. We had to wake up on time and everything was education and what Tilda said that everything is education, it is not about books.  From waking up in the morning to making your own bed and dressing up to studying the subjects, it was all education and I studied there until before my university I studied in the hostel. I went from my parents and it was good because that was a way of learning. We were forced, not forced, but we were put in an institution like hostel. We had to do what we had to do. Like when it telling us to do we have to do, when it is time to read we have to read. So we didn’t have this freedom of, so as to not study. There was no option. So if you don’t like to study you end up, by the time they give you exams you end up knowing a lot. So that was my education system. [??] to Bangladesh.  

Question	[Too quiet to hear]... education system now, how do you feel it is changing here?  Do you think it is changing or do you think it is still very professional?

Answer	On the [?] system, if you consider results. The rate of passing, it is improving. People are developing, people are learning new subjects. Students are learning more. But the system of education is not changing, it is very traditional like the schools, the blackboards. It is very traditional, not only in Bangladesh but also in India. And with everything that is developing, we are getting smarter in technology and education that is developing is, the only smartness I see is in the smartbooks and the absence of books and tabs instead of books. But the actual intellectual smartness, the higher thought, it is actually not present and that is what I would have. Because there are students who have high potential but they are not exposed to that sort of learning. So they can develop differentials to the fullest. So in that sense it hasn’t reached the best level because the students are very hardworking but they are not getting the best.

Question	This is going to sound very abstract but I want to see how you feel about it. What do you think the school is that should be for?

Answer	A school should be something that should develop you to be a complete person so that you, when you go out to the world, you know what to do. Like I cannot say particularly the reading or the writing, it is not that. It is like everything. When you are faced with something, even if there was [?] you just know what to do. That is adaptability, that is what school should teach you. It should not keep you limited to the books and the walls of the school.  It should be an idea not a structure, it should be an idea of learning that wherever you go you learn and also teach at the same time. The teachers should also learn from the students and students have the idea that everything that they imagine and they believe in, they should have the scope of expressing that to the teachers. So the school should be an ideal exchange of knowledge. It should be an idea.

Question	Have you ever had a teacher that you felt, your favourite teacher and why were they your favourite?

Answer	I had many teachers who were my favourite and to speak of one of them particularly would not be very right if he or she hears me. But I would say my class teacher in class 7, I liked, he was in [?] in India.

01:55:00	He was very caring towards finding all the weakness of the children and attending to them. He just knew how to bring the best out of the students. And what I liked about him was there were, we still have questions and answers in our English literature classes.  You know the story, now who did this and who did that, that was the questions. He used to put new words that was away, not inside the books. He gave me the idea of creativity, you can be different and once you are different you are already better than many. You are different, that is when you are best. It is not that you are first in your class or second, it is when you are different it makes you the best.  It makes you best in your own ways. This is what he taught me to be creative and to be different in your own way. So that is why I like him loads.  

Female	You are amazing, thank you.  

01:56:00	[Break]


SADAF SAAZ, DIRECTOR OF LIT FEST
Dhaka Lit Fest, November 2018
01:56:00	[Break]

Male	Can you give me your name and tell me in general terms about [?] what it is?

Sadaf Saaz	So my name is Sadaf Saaz, I am Director and Producer of Taka LitFest. The festival is I would say an amazing literary and cultural adventure.  We started it in 2011 in a very kind of small way, about 600 people. It has grown into a massive event with thousands attending. Many of them very young people from all over Bangladesh.  And it has really I think grown into a place where there is debate, conversation on all kinds of topics from poetry to philosophy. Fiction to current affairs and we also have amazing performances from different regions in Bangladesh. We highlight the different languages, apart from Bangla. And it is just a really great place for people to come together and have real conversations about things that matter to us. 

Question	Can you talk to us a little bit about the role of festivals like this in the role of culture?

Answer	The reason why we started the festival was, well we felt that we were very cut off from the kind of global scene. Nobody really knew much about Bangladesh. And Bangladesh is a very rich and varied cultural and literary history. Our written forms of literature go back to the 18-12th century. In fact some of the original Buddhist texts which were taken to Tibet came from these old Buddhist poems that were written in Proto Bangla.  We have always had a very kind of, and of course the oral forms are coming out in very different ways.  Imbibe and assimilate the pluralism and syncretism I think of many of the great religions that have kind of come and been practiced here side by side.  For example Buddhism, Hinduism, Islam, Christianity and Animism.  And so I think we are a product of that and this kind of history of tolerant thinking, of diverse thinking of imbibing all sorts of different kinds of ways of thinking is very much part of our history. And we really felt that a platform was needed to sort of take our history and culture to the rest of the world as well as our contemporary writing and engagement with poetry and writing and fiction and provide a platform to the rest of the world. 

But we also felt it was very important for the great thinkers and writers to come here and our young people to be exposed to different ideas and different ways of thinking and different perspectives.  Because this is basically very much part of how we have evolved as a country and as a society.  

And so that was kind of the idea behind the LitFest.  After starting the LitFest, especially in recent years it has become much more urgent to keep this space for creative thinking, an open space to basically have the space to be able to sort of debate and inquire about things that are happening around us.  In a kind of world where these spaces are shrinking everywhere and the internet sometimes is kind of more constricting rather than broadening our horizons. We felt it was time to sort of have a place where people could actually converse with each other and open their minds to different narratives. 
02:00:00
And that is what we try and do at the LitFest. To basically have a range of topics, diverse topics where people can kind of hear other peoples point of views. Hear the way other people think. And you know basically use that to help create and express how we ourselves think. And I think that is really important for kind of the education we are giving our children. And it is really important for young people to be exposed, not just a very kind of narrow type of education that we have kind of inherited form the kind of colonial era. But it is important I think for young people to not just be on their electronic devices and in their own echo chambers. But actually realise there is a whole world out there.

The other thing is that you know we wanted young people to be exposed to the greatest minds, to see what people are thinking and to have that freedom and the confidence to follow their own thoughts. But to be able to have the building blocks to do so.  And you know we are I think the strength of Bangladesh I think when anybody comes here feels there is something wonderfully intangible that gives us that confidence to go out into the rest of the world to be tolerant to other people’s ideas and respectful of other people’s ideas. But still have the confidence to have our own convictions. And I think when young people come here and go to a diverse range of topics, many of them may not have even thought of going or have been exposed to them. I mean I could go to you know London and New York and you know pay 50 dollars or 80 dollars to go and see a session. But I have that privilege. There are many young people here who don’t have that chance. And for them to go to a lecture and over the past years often I have had people come up and say that going to a session has been life changing for them. They have heard an author say something that has completely changed the direction of what they feel that they can do with their life, has completely realigned what they felt was potential within themselves.  

Female	I have to stop you here. [Break]

Male		It is a political platform as well isn’t it?  There is so much at stake here.  

Answer	I think. I have come to believe that, so through Dhaka LitFest, I think it reaffirms to me how important words and ideas are and they do really matter.  And in a situation that we are in in the world right now, I mean what is literature?  Literature should be a reflection of our times. It should be a mirroring of what society is.  It should stand testament to what is going around us now. And if we learn to be able to sort of document that in various creative ways, different ways of expression. And that is what I think we are trying to explore through Dhaka LitFest that there is a certain type of literary fiction. But there are also many different mediums that one needs to explore to best communicate and best express what is going on around us. And to be able to connect to other people so that we can really bring about a change. And that is what I think probably is the most important thing about the festival now.

	And for example when we are threatened with extremism, populism and intolerance I think that is where we felt we really needed to push back. And this was a platform where we could engage with a wide range of topics and basically explore a lot of the binaries that are being forced on us and boxing us in.  And this is a space where we can get beyond that.  And instead of it being a place where it is kind of you know full of fuddy duddy old men and women which I mean I don’t want to say, criticise that. But I think we have tried to take a step beyond that and that is why it is amazing that over 80% of our audience is under the age of 25.  

02:05:00	And they are smart, they are engaged, the kind of level of questions they have is kind of getting to the next, different levels every year.  Their minds are kind of like sponges and you know they are completely sort of wanting to sort of push the boundaries the way that they are questioning, the way that they are interrogating.  And that is basically kind of what we realise the goal of the LitFest was.  

	And so and maybe. And the other thing I wanted to say was about celebrity or kind of high profile authors. We realise it was something much beyond that.  Yes I think a lot of festivals bring sort of big names to the festival to sort of attract the crowds. But for us it was more like identifying excellence, identifying people who really get it.  Identifying the kind of minds and the kind of thinkers that we wanted our young people to hear. We wanted our young people to take something from. We wanted our young people to be inspired by. And those are the kind of people that have come to our LitFest. And last year, Ben Oakley came and I have heard people say some of the things he said lit a light bulb in them and because of that they started to feel differently. They found a real spiritual connection in the words that he shared which he himself and though he is a great literary figure, is steeped in the oral traditions of his own heritage.  

And I think that is what is amalgamation of our own heritage which we do have a Bangla identity. But the Bangla identity is very strong for us. It is something that we fought for.  [?] that we fought for, a group of ideas that we fought for, a culture that we fought for. But the culture itself is based on pluralism, syncretism, democratic principles, egalitarian philosophies. And so that kind of gives us the strength and confidence.  But a lot of our young people didn’t know that and strong, extremist influences coming in from other places in the world basically trying to shift the paradigm and get us to sort of take us away and narrow our way of thinking was something that I think is a dangerous trend. And that is another thing that we are trying to counter.  

Question
Male	May I ask one more question? 

02:07:43	 [Break in sound]

Answer	.......engagement that more privileged families can.  But what they have found is when they have exposed them to dance, poetry, music, reading at a very young age  [Break – clap]

	One exciting thing about some of the early learning institutions that are partnering us and part of the LitFest this time and that we have been engaging with for a while. They are doing initiatives where they are, even though many of the schools that they work with are public government schools or working with the underprivileged children who don’t have the kind of same exposure to arts and literature and culture that perhaps more privileged families would have. They are actually finding that by introducing early reading classes or storytelling, music, art, dance, they are actually finding that the kind of holistic growth of children is incredible. And you know the way they are able to catch up and actually it has an impact on their critical thinking and their openness and the way that they see the world. And you know a lot of the dance and cultural stuff that they are exposed to have wonderful stories with sort of timeless messages. 

And that kind of makes them kind of interrogate a bit further. So a lot of things like climate change and the environment, how they kind of see their own future. Then that kind of exposure has a great impact on the way they start thinking. So even with very traditional education systems, if there is art and culture and literature, they are actually finding a huge difference in the kind of way the children are reacting, the way they are able to articulate themselves.  The kind of confidence they have.  
02:19:00
	On Friday we had [??] who, they are a school for under privileged children and they actually performed themselves, they performed theatre. And to see the confidence of these young kids. And the feeling that they could achieve everything and yet they are from a very small village and from very under privileged background.

	So you know these kind of, everything I have been talking about, you know if you can start it young, the kind of exposure to debate and even spiritual inquiry. The interesting thing was that the school they teach yoga and you know principles of like the bowel principles, s[?] principles and it is from very kind of deeply steeped in Islam, that village is a Muslim village.  So there were objections from religious fundamentalists but the parents themselves completely embraced the fact that their children were having this education and encouraging it. Because they can see how they are blossoming by being exposed to all of these different ideas and interacting with culture and reading. 

02:11:13	[Break in sound]




MADIHA MURSHED, SCHOLASTICA AND AURORA SCHOOLS
DHAKA LIT FEST, NOVEMBER 2018
02:11:13	

Male	Tell me your name and tell me about the school?

Answer
Madiha Murshed
	I am Madiha Murshed.  And I actually run two schools. The larger of the two schools, the more established one is called Scholastica.  It is a school that my mother founded over 40 years ago. It is a private school. We teach in English. We teach the British curriculum so the O and A levels. And it is a pre-K through 12 school. It is a very, very large school. We have over 5,000 students spread out in different campuses throughout the city.  

	I also run much smaller international school that I founded about four years ago, that is much smaller, just about 50 students and we are hoping to teach an international curriculum and that is just in one location in the city.   

Question	And what is the difference, you said that the main school is more traditional?

Answer	Yes exactly it is a more traditional school. It depends on how you use the word traditional. I don’t mean that it is a conventional teaching method. We are definitely trying to improve the way that we teach. Basically the way education is in Bangladesh it was very, and continues to a large extent to be very book learning, memorisation, book based. And over the last 15-20 years we have been trying to break out of that and really sort of make our teaching more student centred, more hands on, more experiential for our students. Having said that, with the larger school, with Scholastica, that is definitely a work in progress. I can’t see that we have achieved that at all. We have definitely begun trying and I think we are doing that to some extent, but it is usually two steps forward one step back.

Question	And the international school is different?

Answer	Yes

Question	So how exactly, the model of the international school and how is it different?

Answer	So the international school, I guess we started it, our management team started it because the ideas we wanted to have a school where we teach the way we want to teach if you know what I mean, to really teach the way we think education should be.  The model is very simple. It is really just also the student centred teaching. We hope to have an international curriculum we will be applying to be accredited by an international organisation. But for now really it is about. So right now the school is only up to grade 1. And at the pre-school level it is all sort of learning through play. And we don’t emphasise academics, we emphasise skill building. So emotional and physical and you know social skills, personal skills. All of those kinds of things. And once they come into Grade 1, that is when the academics start. 

So it is different really. It is not really different so much in philosophy, it is different in practice because it is a very small school, hand-picked teachers. So we are actually able to walk the walk.  You know what I mean.

Question	So what are the principles?  You said I pick up on words, you said the way we want. So describe this philosophy because you said, what I was hearing was that you carefully pick teachers to share your vision and so what exactly is this vision?

Answer	So I think for me as an educator what I struggle with and I was saying this to Bill a little while ago. I understand that we as educators often tend to teach children to prepare them for a world that we live in which is not necessarily the world that they will be living in 20 years from now, 30-40 years from now. And I think our job as a educator has become all the harder now because I can’t even fathom what that world will look like. 

02:15:00	I can’t fathom what their jobs will be, I have no idea. Very few people probably do. So how do you prepare young people for skills that you and for an environment, a working environment and a social and political environment that you can’t really imagine.

	So what we have tried to do is ensure that, especially you are asking me about my principles. The principles are really about trying to give the students whatever skills we think they need so that whatever comes at them they will be able to adapt and learn and strive.  And what does that mean?  So as I said, we are really trying to make it hands on, we try and ensure that our students, that it is coming from a place of their own curiosity and then that they are given the freedom to explore and nurture their curiosity.  Of course there is a structure. I think every school needs to have a certain amount of structure and you do need to be teaching academics because if you don’t there isn’t a context for the world. 

You need science, you need history, you need geography. But you can teach it in a way which is experiential and where they are learning for themselves rather than being told. And putting two and two together rather than being told that two plus two equals four if you know what I mean. So we are trying to make it much more about the students developing whatever skills they need so that they can keep learning into the future. Assuming that there will be, I mean who knows 20 years from now maybe all of us will have to learn some new programming language or you know what I mean, whatever it is, we have to make sure they will be able to learn. That they, when they are 30 years old they are still being able to learn and pick up a new skill or adapt to whatever the world is.  

	At the same time I feel a responsibility also to ensure that our students are thoughtful, productive, contributing members of society. So really instilling in them a sense of responsibility, talking to them about what their responsibilities are. So focusing on things like character education, making sure. I worry a lot about media literacy these days. I worry about all the information that all of us have at our fingertips to the point where you no longer need to really be sharing knowledge with students right.  You don’t need, they need to understand, they need to be to analyse and critical of history. But they don’t need to know particular data, they can just Google it.  Rather what is more important is when they Google it and they get 10,000 articles, which ones are true, what is fact, what is truth, what is fact with opinion and how do you make sense of all that. How do you think critically about all that and how do you form your own opinions based on what you are reading.  

I think now more than ever. I mean I can give you many examples of why I feel like that, it is really, really important for our students to be able to do. And for me a lot of that means also to make knowledge for them to be film making and learning about photography and learning about it. Because if they are not doing it themselves then how will they be able to differentiate between doctored photographs and not for example if you know what I mean.  

So those are all kind of part of the philosophies basically and efforts to think about what skills our students need going into the future and then trying to build that into the design of the school and the design of our curriculum.

Question 	A particular question, it might sound vague, but actually what is a school?

Answer	As an institution, yeah

Question	As a place, what do you as a person?

Answer	That is a great question. I think it is to prepare young people, well maybe in two ways. One is to give them the chance to interact with their peers in a structured setting. I think that is really important. I think if we didn’t have schools, if young people were just growing up you know in their own homes and in their own communities, I am not sure there would be that kind of, the interaction amongst peers and I think it would be really healthy to sort of not only in terms of friendships but in terms of challenging you and shaping your character and moulding who you are and what your interests are and all that.

	But I think it is cool also, it is a place for young people to become themselves, to figure out who they are and for me a big part of it how they are going to, what their place is in society.  How will they contribute to society. I want to actively encourage our young people to be contributors not just taking but contributing, giving back in whatever way.  There are so many ways one can do that. So I think a school is a place that young people can do that, find themselves and then figure out who they are going to be and what they are going to be going forward.

Question	Great, I am going to tease you a little bit. [Quiet and difficult to hear]  ...might teach them to be in each way their own. So there is something behind it?
02:20:00
Answer	Yes.  I would have to think about that. I am not trying to say that we would teach something counter to what society would teach. I think what I am trying to say is it is a structured way to ensure that students are. Because you have to create opportunities for that to happen. I think some people will find themselves, they can sit under a tree for 40 years and find themselves. For a lot of other people that isn’t necessarily the case. I think you have to ask questions, you have to provoke thought. You have to build skills. And I think, and that is what I mean. I think that a school can do that, which if they were left to their own devices at home may or may not happen.

Question	Tell me a little bit about the, I am hearing that Bangladesh has a kind of expectation, quite conservative expectations in education. I mean in a sense that parents who care about education, not all of them do care.  Want their children to go into professions that currently good work and, guarantee status, engineers, is that the case?

Answer	Yes I would say almost the majority of parents in this country care about education.  And actually I would say that there is a really, there is a premium on education. People prioritise education. I have seen a lot of families sacrifice a lot to get their child the best possible education they can. So I think there is a real respect for education. But yes exactly I think there is by and large, I am making a generalisation, but by and large parents see education as a way to you know guarantee a certain standard of living for their children. And as you said, a certain social status for their children. They don’t by and large they don’t see it as person building, it is more like. This is what you need so that you can get a good job. So it is a very practical kind of look on education.

	And the problem with that is as a consequence many parents, obviously not all, but many parents don’t really even value the education, they just value that certificate. So as long as my child is getting the A’s or they are passing whatever exam they have to take and they are getting into medical school and passing their medical exams and becoming a doctor, that is all that matters. Whether they are a good doctor or not, whether they have learned, whether they have become a good person or not, whether they can think critically and all those sorts of things, are less important. In some cases less even understood.  

02:22:42
Question	[Sound Break]

Answer	All those other things are so important yes. I think there are real problems because of a lack of education. But even things like corruption and the rule of law and all of these things are related to a lack of proper education, right.

Question	Also, but we understand it because partly because of [difficult to hear...] also a pragmatic level I think I read somewhere university and medical school.  You know by the time you finish your studies 50% of what your learn will be outdated.  A really high percentage. So you need to understand what a doctor needs?

Answer	Keeping on learning. And in my countries that is what they do. Doctors are required to be going to conferences all the time. They are always learning, they are developing, new technologies that are coming in that they are learning about. In our country, doctors don’t do that. They don’t need to. So why would they bother.  

Question	And let’s just go back to the question, I think important, so tell us more about how your school is different? You talked about it a little bit, but just bring those together?

Answer	We are trying to be different in two or three different ways. I know how different we are but in terms of adaptability, I think it is important to teach resilience. I think it is important to teach people that they can be confronted with a situation that is either feels out of their depth or they are uncomfortable with or is a negative situation.  

02:25:02	And they can get through it in a way that makes them stronger. I actually think that is a specific skill you know. It is not just something that you sort of fall into and can manage, not everyone can manage. So we want to teach our young people to be resilient. I want them to be able to be confronted with any situation and figure it out independently.  Not be intimidated by and not be. I have known when I myself was in school I would have friends who would have a paralysis with a test or they have to do a big project and they can’t even get started because it feels so intimidating to them that they just, why? So to be able to teach those skills to be like, get in there.  20 years from now on, their job might require them to learn something that is completely you know new to them. Roll up your sleeves and figure it out. 

So I guess that is about resilience, that is about being responsive to challenges, taking challenges well. Being risk takers you know. Being willing to sort of try, even if you are not sure if you are going to succeed. I think those are all the kind of things that we are trying to do. And you teach those in all different kinds of ways. You teach it in the classroom, you teach it by modelling as a teacher. You teach it in terms of talking to students in all the different contexts in which they are, not just in the classroom but even when they are playing with their friends and things like that.  There are lots of opportunities, informal opportunities to teach those sorts of skills.  

Question	I think that is really good.

Male	Any more questions?

Question
Female	I wonder if you could ask what would happen about the school system here.  You have spoken about how important it is but maybe what it means for the future of Bangladesh particularly?  

Male	[Difficult to hear] inequality.

Question
Female	You have spoken about the future, what the future might look like, what challenges you feel like they might be able to approach?

Answer	For Bangladesh you mean?  Oh for our students, I see okay.

Question
Female	From your experience, if it is okay to speak about that.

Question
Male	And the wider connection, bring into this question, bring in the country as well, the position of the country which is in human resources and simply lots of people who aren’t at schools, so can we just bring that in?

Answer	Sure, so I mean I guess as you were asking the question, what I was thinking of is exactly that, we are very, very rich in human resources and what is really great, what makes me hopeful, what sort of helps me get out of bed in the morning is thinking about our young people. There is so much resilience, so much adaptability, there is so much sort of zeal in our young people. And again I am making generalisations, but I think the future is bright because there are a lot of young people who despite all  kinds of challenges and all kinds of people saying, this is not how we do things or this is not the right way to do it. And I can think of so many individuals now who are breaking moulds, who are breaking the barriers and saying, this is what I am going to do.  These are people who are not always necessarily even, there might be a assumption that, oh these are young people who have been exposed to other.  Not necessarily, these are young people who see problems, who have a passion and who are saying you know I am going to do something about it.

	So although there is very much our education system is a conventional one, I think there is at the same time plenty of individuals who are breaking out who want more, who are trying to do more in their own communities. Who are giving back as I was saying. And I think it is becoming much more normal to do that which is also really great. I mean it makes me hopeful for the future.  

Question
Female	Can I ask one more question which is following on from what we discussed with you before about teaching, the importance of learning from teaching and social space for that?

Answer	Teachers are it right.  They are the silver bullet in education. I am always saying that where teachers are concerned you know you have the campus and you have got the facilities and those are all bells and whistles. If we don’t have good teachers then you can’t have a good school. Where teachers are concerned, so this is something that I think is a challenge. It is a challenge for those of us who are trying to sort of modernise the pedagogy in our schools because our teachers have not come from that system, they have never seen it. They themselves have come from an education system where it is very conventional, learning text book based. 

02:30:00	So when you talk about student centre teaching, when you talk about hands on learning, not only have they never seen it, they can’t fathom it. They don’t know what that looks like. And they don’t understand why it would be better or what the value is in it.

	So when I lived abroad, when I first came back I had to spend a lot of time, sort of two steps forward, one step back, realising that it wasn’t only a lack of courage on the part of teachers to sort of let things go in their classrooms. It was a lack of, there was a sceptism about it. And so we ended up doing a lot of modelling. What student centre teaching looks like. And to this day I do a lot of lesson planning and workshops and teaching to help teachers understand what it is that we are trying to do.

	What has been great in recent years is there is a generation of young people now who are for example, Irona L[?] who are now coming into teaching who are now sort of in the job market. And if there are younger people speaking again to the future, it is this group of younger people who are more open minded. They themselves may not again have that background, but they are willing to try. They are much more adventurous I think somehow. And so that is really helping, in our school that is really helping because it is allowing a younger covert to come in and really kind of energise you know all the effort that we are making.

02:31:22	



‘TEACH FOR BANGLADESH’ FELLOWS
DHAKA LIT FEST, NOVEMBER 2018
02:31:22	

Female
Autobi	So my name is Autobi, Asanosadic Autobi. I work for Teach for Bangladesh as a staff member.  I have done the fellowship that my fellow was talking about. I have done two years in the classroom and then joined in the training team where the fellows are trained to be teachers, right. And yeah I work as a coach for one, two years and then right now I am leading the training team of Teach for Bangladesh.

	What does the organisation do?  Okay so initially when we started the organisation, the vision of the organisation was one day all children in Bangladesh will attain an excellent education. Will have the opportunity to obtain an excellent education.  So that was the initial version on based on which the organisation was started.  The mission statement was mainly around the young graduates who finished their university, right after finishing the university.  From the best universities of the country, we want to pick them up. We want to put them in the Government primary schools for two years as a fellowship opportunity for them.  It is a full time paid opportunity where the fellows go to a low income Government primary school, teach there for two years and see what is the condition of the education right now in the country.  

How does the education condition in the country look like, right. When you sit in an air conditioned room and think about the problems of education it is easier to think about it. When you go to the ground, when you see that, when you see the issues it becomes personal, right. When you see that like a child in your classroom don’t have food. A child in your classroom doesn’t have like books to read. Then it becomes personal.  And we believe when people really understand the problem, where would they go like after the fellowship, the [?] movement is like fellows go everywhere in the world, some goes to study abroad, some join the ING or some stuff. But wherever they go, whatever decision they take, they will remember the fact that they had the personal problem in the ground in the classroom. So that is the main mission of the organisation. So that is how the organisation was founded in 2013 we officially started the organisation. 

And since then we have placed five cohorts of fellows in the classrooms of Bangladesh. Right now we are doing the training for the sixth cohort. So a little bit of programme information. We do six weeks of pre-service training which we call the Academy. And after that like pre-service training, fellows go to school and start teaching. And during the school year we have, we continue doing in-service training every month, at least once a month for the whole group. And smaller group like training is going on every week or bi-weekly. So that is how we believe that they can go without training you cannot make excellent teachers and therefore like the training process goes on and on and on.   

Question
Male	[Too quiet to hear-].....graduates experience ... can you talk about......different classes to different backgrounds?

02:35:00
Answer	Excellent point. Like I was telling a little bit before that like sitting in the AC room you wouldn’t understand what is going on in the community. So in Bangladesh also like a lot of people who. Some saw what education could look like but really didn’t feel it with like, right. And seeing someone like you know, some poor people outside your car door is a different thing that like you know, having personal relationship with them.

	So that is where it started like, you know the thing you talked about like blending two classes. I think putting these young graduates and young professionals also. We take a little bit of portion of young professionals who started their professional life. So put them in a low income classroom, make them see that you know what class difference actually look like.  Like and sound like right. So it is real, it becomes real for them. So yeah absolutely understandable.  

Question
Male	What is the school for?  What is a school for in general what is it for? [too quiet to hear...]  In your opinion?

Answer	I totally get that.  I have a very like. I am processing that information in my head since I joined this movement. I kept thinking that like you know the school process right, like sitting on the chairs, benches and stuff like that. The traditional school how it looks like. It is absolutely labour generating process right. That is what I absolutely understand. But at the same time you cannot liberate people without the basics. If people do not know how to read and write you cannot give them like, philosophical, ask them to decide what to pick. So for me the school is a place where you give the basic and start making people think. Make people ask questions. So a lot of it like you know in the panels, I am always telling the kids to do both, but they don’t understand. So we have a very genuine emphasis on reading comprehension. Like what are you reading?  Particularly engage with that, try to see like whatever you are reading, whether that makes sense or not, so yeah.  

Question
Male	[Too quiet to hear]

Answer	Absolutely understand that. I absolutely agree with you and I have like I told you right, I keep thinking about this, this ongoing process like why we are pulling kids to school where the ideal school is, this schooling is more important. But we don’t have any place where kids can read, how to write and read therefore.  

Question
Male	[Too quiet to hear]

Answer	Again I think that is a very like traditional way of thinking and values and more [?]  Getting very fluid in this world right now. Like what is more value for you and what is for me can be like, falls apart. But at the same time we can co-exist in a way which is you know which is really meaningful.  So for me I think in our curriculum in Bangladesh, curriculum in the books, in the story books, the idea of moral, you need to be honest, you need to be like you know truthful, things like that keep coming up. And therefore there is a high emphasis like one of the terminal competency for the kids in the national curriculum is you need to love your country. You need to believe in God and also like you need to believe in the moral like moral values.  So therefore in the books, in the texts and everything it keeps coming and therefore it becomes part of the conversation about education. So yeah. 

Question	[Too quiet to hear]  ....take the ground away.  

Answer	We try to emphasise on diversity and inclusion instead of like you know black and white moral values.  So it is like how do you make sure that if there is a kid in your classroom who is from a different genre. From a different genre I mean like you know other genre or like confusing, scared of [?] Or if there is a kid in your classroom who was like, who is in a different religion or a different ethnicity right. So on that situation how do you ensure that the kid feels included in the classroom?  And the teacher has to facilitate that. So yeah that is what our emphasis in terms of moral and values is. Instead of like, this is right and this is wrong. So yeah.
02:40:00
Question	[Too quiet to hear]  

Answer	It is huge, it is huge because Bangladesh has a very specific unique. Like most of the people in the country is very homogenous.  This is a good thing and a bad thing at the same time. Good thing as it is less conflict right, like people are not fighting like in India. But the bad thing is people don’t even learn, they do not how to be tolerant and they lose resilience and stuff like that. So religion like, we don’t teach religion.  Teach for Bangladesh don’t teach religious classes in the schools as well. We teach Bangla English, maths, science and social science. We like it is the organisation perspective that we will not teach religion because that automatically excludes some of our kids from the classroom and we didn’t want that. So we don’t teach religion for the kids.

	And another thing I wanted to fix, like not fix.  I think when what is it. When my fellow was explaining this. We don’t use like common core only. What we do is we see the Government and City curriculum. We incorporate like what a density curriculum needs that is common core backup because if you use common core, you find the source much more easily than Bangladesh Government and City people. So therefore there is a blending and we are moving towards [?] being more and more with this because that helps us to have better communication with government and better relationship with Government. So yeah that was another thing I wanted to say.  Thank you. Any other questions?

Question	[Too quiet to hear]  ....organisation

Answer	I think one thing I want to add like for me in Bangladesh like a woman like me who was like, who wants to be liberated, who wants to do stuff like.  Like you know, I don’t know how to explain like, I love freedom, that is my way of being. And for me it is really difficult. Like I started working in a corporate organisation and it was really difficult for me because it was more like why aren’t you wearing high heels? Why aren’t you like putting make-up on and stuff like. And then when I joined Teach for Bangladesh it is the safe space for me. And yeah I genuinely, genuinely enjoy my work here and I think if this kind of culture is promoted in the country I think people who love freedom and who wants to be free, will be able to like you know, be happy.  

Question	You mentioned genre, is it an issue, right?

Answer	Gender is an issue. So for example being a woman is always problem wherever you are in the world like you know. There are issues that you face like sometimes you don’t see problems, but the person who is in the situation they face, they understand it. That is a problem on its own. But at the same time if there is like in one of our schools there is a child, third gender and all the other kids in the classroom were bullying him and like they were saying to the kid that, you should not be coming to the school because you should go to the like, there is a place where the third gender people live, you should go there. And my fellow he did a project, he brought all these people about genre and sexuality. Like who works in this area. He brought them in the classroom. And then they told the kids why it is so important. They were saying like if you can’t [difficult to hear......] like what is the difference with stuff like that. So my fellows are also like trying to make sure that diversity and inclusion is a major priority in small projects also. 

Question	My question is, an example, learning from a book and experience, how do you [Too quiet to hear]  .....experience in your schools?

Answer	So when we think about our kids outcome, like students outcome we think about access opportunities a lot. Giving both is awesome. Like you need to give kids books, that is really important. But our kids don’t see people. Our kids don’t see people with different kinds of experience. If you ask them what do you want to become they are like a doctor or engineer. And they don’t even know what is the steps they need to go to in order to become the doctor or the engineer, right.  
	But I think when you bring different people, if you bring a chef in the classroom, if you bring someone who was like you know who was doing pottery and stuff you know. Kids are exposed with different kind of people and different kind of experiences. That helps them think about, oh this is also there. Like oh I can be this as well. So things like that. Our fellows also like make it like they need to bring at least two extra people in the classroom in a year, that is one thing that they have to do in order for our kids, minimum, in order for our kids to have that exposure.  

02:45:23	Thank you.

	[New speaker]

Male	Hi I am Ba[?] Zelum. I am from Teach for Bangladesh.  I am a Teach for Bangladesh Fellow.  I am working here as a fellow who started a two year fellowship programme. I had to work in a low income community background from the government primary school as [??] as a teacher actually. So it is a full time job actually. I will teach in the classroom of the low income family background of schools. The kids from the community. We teach all the subjects. We teach a lot of teaching. All the subjects are a single classroom, with all the kids every single day with the same schedule.

Question	What do you teach?

Answer	Actually we teach all the subjects, but Teach for Bangladesh has a curriculum which is based on two different segments.  In the English part we teach reading and comprehension [?] and writing workshop.  In math part we teach all the mathematics, [?] standard, international standard. And in the English part we also follow international [?] standard.  

Question	[Too quiet to hear]  

Answer	In government primary schools we teach in Bangla medium all the subjects except English. The subject English. And in some [?] schools we also teach English medium. But it is rare. Basically all the fellows are from Teach for Bangladesh and basically teach in Bengali medium other than the subject English.

Question	Tell me more about the organisation?

Answer	Teach for Bangladesh.  Basically their model are the mission is like ensuring the quality education of this where basically from the low income community background, maybe their parents are not well off financially. So [?] sharing enough to provide themselves a quality education by sending themselves to the private schools or the English medium schools. So Teach for Bangladesh is actually looking for while this community families are there, parents are sending their kids to the private schools, English academic schools and they are getting the high quality education. So why not these kids from the low income family background are not getting the quality education. In some cases very poor education, very poor quality education. 

	So the community, government and all the partners, they are running like currently. We have two different fellows, two different cohorts  Like in 2017 cohort, we had our own 40 fellows and in 2018 we have like our own 55 fellows. And they also recruited for the 2019 fellows, their own more than 100 fellows. They will also be placed in [??] that part of a Bangladesh.  They started their movement in [?] also from the year 2019. So I think it is like a good impact. Teach for Bangladesh. They are trying actually, they are trying. I think if we talk about what will happen in 15 years, sorry I mean 20 years, each of our [?] will be one of the major contributor to the country’s education, quality issues.

Question	I think organisation from the top, like who founded it and could you explain who the fellows are?

Answer	Actually Teach for Bangladesh was founded by a brave lady called Mymuma Hamid who was priority [?] Fellow who came here who is a Bangladeshi by birth.  Bangladeshi citizen. who came here and saw about the situation of education in basically low income family community background and she thought why not in our country.  There is a huge lead up,  this organisation. So  she started Teach for Bangladesh in 2010 around 2010. Then she recruited fellows.  

02:50:15	In the very past there was, the movement was a little bit smaller as the organisation started. But right now, Teach for Bangladesh is one the prominent organisation and the guarantees of working with education are [?].  And she [?] good quality and it is good [??]

Question	And let’s talk about this inequality. What is the situation in Bangladesh?

Answer	In this data, we saw that like many of our kids in particularly low income family background who went to the schools like after 3-4 years they actually stopped their education or their friends forcefully stopped their education due to the lack of financial support from their family or parents.  So basically due to the lack of financial support from their family or parents. So basically in the case of girls, their age around 12,13,14 or around 15, they actually they get married, settled by either parents or the families. And in case of the boys, there is around 10 they started working as a helper or as, yeah they start working different types of supportive work to support their families, their family income.  So yeah one of our [?] is also this to use this child lever actually and to make them back in the school actually to give them minimum quality education like secondary level actually or in some cases they call it education impossible. 
	
	You wanted to know about the fellows actually from the prominent [??] public and see it as the private university of the country. But this particular group sometimes form [?] Bangladesh who are by nationality by birth Bangladeshi, graduated from America and in some cases Malaysia, India and other countries. They also recruited them as a fellow. Fellows are like who was previously worked in different types of organisations. So to [??] different types of social iniquity.  Also they are the leader in different aspects. And they are the leader in their classroom in [??]  with their written result and academic background.  Teach for Bangladesh recruited them as a fellow and after recruiting they gave them a rigorous 6 week training, pre-academic training, pre-fellowship training actually which we call academia, 6 weeks rigorous training programming which held in a residential area. The [?] actually invite different other stakeholders from different networks, countries, some other like [?] former fellows invite them to train these fellows in academia.  The second is designed with different types of like curriculum. In some cases we have, they teach us like their curriculum. In some cases they teach us the classroom discipline, in some cases they teach us how to take the challenge, how to solve the challenge etc.

	It is great, the fellows have a great opportunity to learn a lot of things about Teach for Bangladesh, about education, about all the things.

Question	I was going to ask you about whether you like your job and [Too quiet to hear]  

Answer	In Teach for Bangladesh there is a pop up classroom. Where the guests of Dhaka LitFest are invited to take a class of 15 minutes if they feel interested. This gives our fellows in school, from different schools, they are invited here to join the Dhaka LitFest and also to know about where it is, what happens here actually.  To like actually improve their learning skills and also know about the Teach for Bangladesh.  Where the fellows come from, where the teacher comes from, how it happens. 
02:55:20

Question	Do you like your job?

Answer	Yes I definitely like my job because previously when I wasn’t a Teach for Bangladesh Fellow I worked in this type of organisation, so really wanted this type of change in the country. But this time I found an organisation who is very much active and very much liked it.  I promised to solve this problem. So yeah I found a great platform to love my work actually, to do great work for my country’s development for the kids who don’t have the like these type of facilities actually.  

Question	What is the biggest problem?

Answer	The biggest problem, the biggest problem in my job. In my job the biggest problem is the community actually. To motivate the parents, to motivate the parents to send kids regularly to schools to look after their study. How they are doing. Their current schools are not. They are doing their homework’s or not. They are in touch with their teachers or not. How they are doing. The parents are like very much [?] about the education, about the kids education actually. This is the major problem. And other problem is how we [?] community we place some problems like the willingness of the parents, community people, about our [?]. 

Question	Can you tell us what you think it means for children and girls who have [?] education, what does it do for their teaching?

Answer	What my kids think about?

Question	No what you think it means for their future?

Answer	Actually I think while we are teaching in our classroom as well as teaching we also try to motivate our students to continue their educations in the secondary level and also in the higher secondary level. We do make them visionary about their education.   If you complete education. If you do have like quality education you can change your life style. You can change your family, parents backgrounds, their living standards. Yeah we fellows are trying to motivate our kids to like to education, to have the best education, to have quality education, to change their living standards, lifestyles. Yeah.  

Question	One more question, what is a school for?

Answer	If I say in myself a school is like a place where we get the like moral education, we get like, we get to know about things about our lives, about how to deal with society, how to deal with people, how to deal with like cultures. And we get to know about different cultures, about other countries, about other people.  About life skills, different life skills, about so many things. And schools always teaches us how to live, how to survive, how to be a good human being.  Yeah.  

 [Applause]
	
02:59:10

End	



MOSAMMAD SAYEEDA BEGUM, OWNS 7 COWS, TEATULIA

Lots of talking in the background. 
Interviewer: Please tell us your name. 
T: Repeats in Bengali
W: My name is Mosammad Sayeeda Begum
T: Okay, tell us more. How many cows do you have? 
W: We have 7[B(1] cows. 
T: Okay…. Where do you stay? How did you travel so far? Tell us about your story…. 
W: It’s better if I sit out and talk. (Language/dialect spoken not clear to me here) 
T: Tell us about what your conditions were in the beginning? How did you get the first cow etc?
W: Those days we used to have tin roofed house. After we got the first cow then sold it off to buy some land. 
(15:02)
(15:05)
T: Okay, please keep going. Tell us about this like a story. 
T to I: She is talking about how she paid off the cow loan etc. Slowly she got this building 
(Conversations in the background about how to conduct the interview) 
T2: Take some time to see through our questions and then answer. First, say that “initially I did not have any cows but then there was a Foundation samiti (name unclear) here”… in who’s house was that samiti formed? Amina chachi’s house?
W: Yes
T2: ….then mention “that I noticed that everyone was benefitting there from keeping cows….and seeing them I also joined the samiti…” 
W: To buy a cow.. 
T2: Yes and then mention “that at time I my husband used to work as a stone crusher and I did not have any cows” …. Then mention how many cows you bought from here?
W: Cows worth 78 thousand taka 
T2: Okay.. which year did you join them? In 2011?
W: Yes 
T2: So mention that “Since 2011 I bought 7 cows”. You bought the first few cows for 78 thousand taka? How much did you pay the second time? 
W: For 75 thousand taka. 
T2: Then 1lakh 20? 
W: Yes
T2: Then for the rest of it you paid 1lakh 20 everytime you bought cows right? 
W: Yes
T2: Repeats. So how many cows do you have now?
W: 7 cows. 
T2: So everyday out of 7 cows, 5 cows are milk bearing (gabhi) right?
W: 3 are milk bearing. 
T2: Yes and “I have sold of a few cows recently to buy some land” and then point out and show that you bought this house and cow shed with the money from selling cows. Is that clear to you? 
“And then later I saw that people in the samiti have bought bio gas, so I intend to buy bio gas as well. I had a kitchen here”. Then show them where you have made provisions for the bio gas and how it helps you to cook”. Explain all these in details. Okay? So start from your engagement with the samiti in your village. And a little bit about what your husband did before. 
I: So can you explain to us how it all started?
T: Repeats
W: I first bought cows for 78 thousand taka… then invested 75 thousand taka for buying cows….ah…
(Conversations in the background amongst the translators about the woman’s perceived discomfort in talking and how shy she is feeling). 
T2: Repeats his instructions mentioned previously. 
(Conversations in the background amongst the translators and the interviewers about the woman’s perceived discomfort in talking and how she is feeling nervous). 
(Interviewer asks the rest of the people to leave the room to make her feel more comfortable). 
(20:05)
(Commotions in the background, people are being asked to move away. Woman heard saying in Bengali that she is feeling shy). 
T: Okay instead of telling how much money, just tell us how many cows you bought and from when?
W: Since 2011. 
T: Not like this one by one. Do you not tell stories to people? Say for example you were telling me about this in a conversation. Imagine that no one is here. Okay I am standing here, you just speak to me. Tell me “sister this my story…” Imagine that I don’t know anything about you. So tell me about how you bought the cows, how it changed your life etc etc. 
W: First, I had local breed (desi) cows. Then I bought cows from NTS (not clear, but most likely the organisation) for 78 thousand taka… then bought cows for 75 thousand taka… then made an investment of 1lakh 12 thousand.. then 1 lakh 23 thousand after two years…. Now I have 7 cows….. invested 7 times… 
T: And then?
W: From the 7 cows I sold off 2 to build this house. Before we used to have a house with tin roofs… then I changed to something more stable. Now there are 3 of them. And the other day a calf was born. Now we get about 30-35 kgs of milk. We are expecting 2-3 more calves after 2-3 months. 
T: And what about bio gas?
W: I saw it in my neighbour’s house. And it seems very convenient so even I took one. Earlier I used to cook in this room, now I cook in the verandah. It is very convenient. 
T: How? More time? 
W: Yes. I feel like I have more time in hands. I have time to feed my children in the morning before sending them off to schools. 
T: Okay, now tell us about what you do? Tell us about your membership? Which year did you join them? 
W: In 2012
T: Okay.. how is it different from before? 
W: Before my husband used to work as a stone crusher. Now he doesn’t go for that and both of us take care of the cows. We fetch milk, sell them. Now we are much better off. 
T: How much do you earn per month from these cows? 
W: About 30 thousand taka per month 
T: How much do you save after the expenses? 
W: About 5 thousand taka (not clear). 
T to Interviewer: repeats her conversation with W on her monthly income and experience of buying cows. 
I: Can we ask her a broader question about her expenses? 
W: Now talk in one go about how many cows you have, how much do you spend on the maintenance of the cows, how much milk do you get and after selling the milk how much money do you have left leaving out all other expenses. 
(Stop: 25:15)
(Start: 25:16)
W: We earn about 50 thousand on the cows, and invest 20 thousand in milk and have 30 thousand left every month (not very clear).  
(Conversations between interviewers and translators in the background on the need for W to say all of it in one go). 
T: I am not sure if she can explain it like the way you say because she is not a very talkative person. So if we go to the other house, she might be able to explain it better. 
Interviewer: Can you ask how having cows changed her life?
T to 1: She did explain that… she said that she lives in this kind of home now… and she used to cook in the traditional way but now she has bio-gas. She also talked about having extra time to take her children to school…. So yes in that sense. 
T: Now that your live has changed, particularly in economic terms… that you have more money in hand… can you explain a bit about that. 
W: For instance now the money that I get from selling milk is my earning. When children ask for money, I don’t need to ask from my husband, I contribute independently. When children go to school and when they need money, I feel that I am able to give them that support independently. Earlier I did not have any money in hand. I had to ask my husband each time that I needed money, even if that was for our children. 
T: And what about your own desires?
W: Yes, if I want to purchase something that I desire I can buy that too. 
T: (Repeats this in English to interviewers)
I: This is okay. 
Thank you very much 




SCIENTISTS AND THINKERS UNITED STATES
NICHOLAS NEGROPONTE AND TILDA
MIT MEDIA LAB, MAY 2019


11:44:17
Question
Female	So Nicholas please talk to me about learning, what you think of when you think of learning?

Answer
Nicholas	Well when I think of learning I think about learning, learning because I am less interested in what kids or even adults know versus their ability to learn.  And this has obviously become much more important because as you go through life the opportunity to learn more and your life changes especially as the next generation starts to live to 150 and maybe 200 years old. The idea that you are going to learn in the first twelve years what you need for the next 180 years is kind of silly.

	So learning, learning has been the mantra of the media lab, this is what we have done since our inception and before.  Tried to look at how you could enable kids to learn how to learn. And it turns out there is a way. And one of the best approximations for thinking is writing a computer programme. And the reason that is true is indeed an approximation that you are taking apart and creating an algorithm a sort of way of describing what you want done. You execute the programme and usually it does not do what you want to do. And it does something else. In the digital world doing something else is not just that it stops.  Let’s say you want to draw a circle and what comes on the screen are lots of random lines. You use the behaviour of the machine to help you debug the programme which is a very good approximation of learning itself. So it turns out we could prove this. That kids who write computer programmes at an early age, maybe 4,5 and 6 years old are better at learning. And even though it is a bit abstract to say well they looked at and taught ‘a machine’ and as a consequence they know more about learning is actually true.  And one of the very early phenomenon and I am talking about 1970s, late 1970s when my dear friend Seymour Papird and I we put some computers in schools in Harlem. Now they were not little mini computers they were pretty big computers and the kids it was their lab and they used it and the kids who used the lab and wrote computer programmes were better spellers. They spelt better and people say wait a minute why are those kids spelling better because spelling has nothing to do with computer programming.

Female	And it is a code?

Nicholas	It is but what was it about spelling. And I will tell you exactly what it was. Most kids at most schools that grade and have tests punish you for the words you get wrong. So let’s say it is a spelling B and you have ten words and if you get eight right. And the two that you get wrong are the ones you put under the rug. Because you have been punished for them. You might take notice and [?] with them next time. But you really find no joy in those two words.  

In computer programming the most fun that the kids have is debugging. So what did those kids do when they had a spelling B?  They  would go to each other and they would say what two words did you get wrong? And you said, I spelled receive wrong. So no silly you, don’t you know it is ‘i’ before ‘e’ except after ‘c’.  Oh I forgot that and they talk about it, they play with it. They joke about the errors and in that process those kids really became better spellers because of the joy and playfulness with which they dealt with the wrong words.  And again that sounds a bit abstract but it is actually true.

Question
Female	That is fascinating so thinking about our school in the highlands of Scotland, it is a school that started off as a Steiner Waldorf school, but we have developed it. And now I don’t know what grade you would say in America. But when the children are about 16 they have one year’s project where they learn science and art in one gesture and they take a tree trunk and they turn it into a Canadian canoe as a group. And they learn all their science through this procedure. They learn all their weights and measures and resins and whatever buoyancy and everything.  But it is incredibly important it is done as a class and then at the end you sail it across our bay. And if you have done it wrong you will sink as a class. But that is a very. One might say a luddite example. But to transpose that attitude and confidence to coding is very inspiring. 

Nicholas	And the confidence that may come from doing the canoe or debugging a programme is.  Would it be because you know you know it is because you are willing to explore and it is a little bit like young children learning languages. They are out there, they are trying things and you realise that the errors aren’t a problem at all but that is actually the way you have learned.  

	Now the canoe may sink which isn’t a good idea, but there would be many ways to approach the canoe and see different fields if you will through something else. It could be learning physics through understanding windsurfing. But in my era and I suspect yours, we didn’t have that opportunity to learn things through other things and you would learn them through one specific way of describing it. 
11:50:00
Question
Female	And other neutral things that you describe the spelling B and the potential for shame and suppression around getting 2 of your 10 words wrong. And when one is dealing with the neutrality of code, there is no shame, there is just the possibility of improving one’s score or getting around it.

Nicholas	Or at least of feeling an accomplishment, that is the important thing. So you are only going to learn how to learn if you get joy out of it. You are not going to be terrorised into it.  Now it is very interesting to look at the world and you look at some of the global tests and I am not a great believer in the tests, but the [?] test is interesting because Finland and Korea are always one and two or you know within the top three. And one of the countries has no tests, has no competition as we would think of it in most schools. And the other Korea has nothing but tests and nothing but competition and both of them are at the top. So in some sense both of them work and we tend to give more credence to the Korean method and if we are worried about our education system we have more tests and we have more time in school and we do all these things. We don’t spend enough time trying to understand how learning is happening outside of a competitive environment and competition really kills learning. 

Female	Measurement? 

Nicholas	Measurement is again, there is a big world of difference between assessing and measuring.  The difference is quite critical.

Female	And in Finland there is an initiative also to obliterate any kind of class subject as well.

Nicholas	I believe that is true. You are probably much more current than I am.

Female	But certainly this gesture of arts and science is not being divided which is something that lives under this roof. I mean I am spinning here.  It is such a, well I would say humane attitude, that is something that feels. It is an ancient model that. I mean surely in the 15th century people were not learning art and science in divided gestures. It is relative.

Nicholas	The thing that has changed that really has changed, that has changed in the past ten years is that because we can make smaller and smaller things, truly you know into and below the molecular level, we are suddenly doing things that were limited to nature. And that is a huge change because we are not informing ourselves from nature we are actually doing better. We are going down and we are in this building. And I never anticipated this. We have a whole group designing mice.  And there are mice down the corridor that never existed before walking around. Now are they artificial or are they real. They are totally genetically modified, even using [?] so they can pass it on to their babies. I just never thought of that. When I founded the media lab had you told me it would have been designing mice I would say, what do you mean? I didn’t really understand that. And now there are people in this building who want to grow buildings from seeds.  So you plant a seed and a building grows. So you say that is ridiculous, it doesn’t make any sense. Well it doesn’t make any sense today just like other things didn’t make sense 20 years ago.  So it will make sense in part or in whole or maybe there will be derivatives. Maybe you will find that we are more Cartesian than we want to believe and people would be uncomfortable living in a world of low resolution edges and curves and so on which nature naturally makes.  That there would be alternates or hybrids of this. But the idea that you can grow things that you can genetically modify things, in ways never considered before is a huge difference.

	So art and science I mean there have been Leonardo De Vinci’s for years. But you never thought of that being the same as people who would understand the natural sciences, biology and the fact that that and engineering are now the same. It really gets rid of all the boundaries.

Question
Female	And then my next question would be, where do these free thinkers, how to make sure they are not over educated, over tested, over demoralised out of this imaginative space and imaginative capacity?

Answer
Nicholas	Well you know each country does it its own way. Family does it its own way.  Education is what you do to somebody and learning is what you do to yourself. And as let’s say a government or a group of people who want their kids to learn better, you could create a system which is then called education in a variety of different ways. And as that progresses you tend to, governments do this all the time, is to optimise for the system. So something as simple as grades.  By grades I don’t mean scores, a,b,c. I mean for a second, third grade. The idea of having a grade is not an intellectual decision that has to do with how we learn, it is in fact a convenience. 

Female	An industrial decision?  

Nicholas	And we are going to take all the six year olds, we will put them in one group. We will take the seven year olds and then we will pretend that they have to learn certain things before other things which is more often than not untrue. And it is you know we compartmentalise and then we give them scores because that is another way of moving forward. And all of this is optimised for the system not for learning. And it is often done at the expense of learning. 
11:55:06
Question
Female	So what do you see as the next challenge for a society that is engaging with our digital capacities in terms of learning, in terms of learning rather than teaching?

Answer
Nicholas	The next frontier has actually already here, it is just it is right in front of us and we don’t you know necessarily include it.  And that is the degree to which children today can play with things that are much closer to learning. We say well they shouldn’t be on their computers and they shouldn’t be using their tablets.  Well that is not necessarily true.  And we have found when we did experiments in African villages and throughout the rest of the world, villages that had zero literacy, we found that the kids became so fascinated that the proudest moment I have had, is when the work we were doing in these developing countries led to the children teaching their parents how to read and write. And when that happens once, ten times, a hundred times, a thousand times, you say wow that is pretty interesting. And the relationship between the child and the parent didn’t deteriorate because the parent didn’t suddenly lose you know the ability to discipline or whatever, but it made a much stronger bond. And that happened over and over and over again. And in situations that a particular experiment we ran, the children prior to introducing and this case it was tablets into a village that had no schools, no literacy, no nothing.  The kids their job was to go and fetch water which could be a few miles away.  And they were delighted to do that and rolled these barrels back and that was the water supply system.

	Tablets come along and the kids were spending 7-8 hours a day on the tablet, not fetching water. And we thought, oh my goodness this is really. Nobody is going to like this. The parents were perfectly fine. They didn’t know why, in other words it was not as if they completely understood what was going on, but they watched their kids doing things and they said, okay well we will fetch the water for now. And there is a sort of innate belief that curiosity that the kids have and of course the parents had. So once the kids become in some parts of the world, the agents of change, it is a very different kind of learning and a very different esteem that kids have. And that self esteem self propels other things. 

Question
Female	And it is also of course an acknowledgement of the fact that and this must always have been the case even in the 14th century, but now maybe more pressingly than ever that the world that four year olds are going to live in is going to be so different to the world we are living in now potentially. It feels almost unimaginable. I am sure there are people under this roof that are imaging it and being fairly accurate about it. But it is I mean for example, I have heard it said that 15 year olds now will unlikely be to do less than maybe 8 jobs in their lifetime because they answer what they need to do in terms of their school years. They need to learn to be flexible and self sufficient, resourceful and engaged and capable of being engaged outside of any particular discipline?

Answer
Nicholas	For certain and also the concept of a job.  And I mean that in the best sense.  The idea that we are training people to do jobs is a very old fashioned view of the way the world works.

Question
Female	So what does that look like then this job free, potentially job is?

Answer
Nicholas	I think people should think and talk more about it.  You could imagine a world without jobs. Something you don’t enjoy doing and in order to create the ability to do a few things that you do enjoy is a funny bargain. And if most of those jobs don’t exist because they are if you will sub-human, that maybe a really good thing not a bad thing. And most people don’t think about it that way. They think about this engine that needs fuel and education creates the fuel for this engine. And you then pour the kids into the engine that keeps it turning and at some point, depending on how lucky you were, you may then exit the other end and at some age where you probably can’t even appreciate it anymore because you are a little feeble, you get to sit back and enjoy those benefits if you will. That is a very funny way to think of the world. And if you really did think the assumption that computers and robots could do anything and moreorless everything, then what is it that humans can do. And we have precedent or we have a lot of precedent in Europe in the 17th, 18th, 19th century where aristocrats and royalty didn’t work at all, they did basically nothing, but they did listen to music and they wrote books and they read to each other and some decided poetry. It was a very exclusive sub-set of the world. But then most people and I think fair to say everybody in this lab doesn’t think of themself as having a job. But if you do it for other reasons and how many people can that extend? And in theory you should be able to extend to everybody doesn’t have to be. Just a limited sub-set of the world.  
12:00:13
Question
Female	So again back to what Mitch talks about when he talks about passion to learn passion early. To learn joy and for that to be a bedrock of your life and for your life to be a bedrock of your existence rather than thinking of having a career. It is a sort of semantic shift isn’t it?

Answer
Nicholas	Maybe more than semantic. It may be a pretty fundamental and again things that we don’t really measure in the school, that would be key, are things like confidence and curiosity. And you know things for which you get no credit and yet they are so important.  

	I will bore you with a long story. When we were putting laptops in remote schools in Uruguay, the teacher assigned the students the problem of in some way talking about cows, writing a computer programme that had moo or threw a cow or looking up things on the internet about cows. And one girl went home as we insisted the kids take the laptops home, and told her father she was stuck. She didn’t quite know what to do. And her father said, you are lucky because tonight our cow is giving birth. And the light on her camera on it. And said you can stay up and basically film, video the cow’s birth. Which the little girl brought it back to class. When everybody showed their projects, she showed the birth of the cow. And the entire class was so fascinated with the birth of the cow that as a group they decided to upload the video to You Tube. Which is not trivial. They did it and the cow video got a few million hits within a few days. 

Now the important part of the story is what I haven’t told you and that is that the girl was at the bottom of the class by normal measures.  Was suddenly you know the hero for that moment. And the teacher said, wow I never thought that one of my little homework assignments might be viewed by two billion people. So everybody in that sort of got a different view of what they were doing. And the little girl was you can imagine went on for the next few years to do better and better and better in school by just that one incident which triggered the confidence and inspiration.  And it is anecdotes like that that make me deeply believe the way to think of learning and education. And the drill and practice measurement of oriented systems that most of us in the west apply, is just, is a fatal mistake, but everybody is doing it. And even if you persuade somebody that maybe there is an alternate which maybe you are successfully doing, most parents say, well I don’t want to risk it with my kid.  

Question
Female	Well most parents have not had that experience. Most parents have been measured to the gunnels themselves and again back to the word confidence. It is a leap. I have children myself who are now 21, they have absolutely no qualifications. I have a boy who would happily fit in here, he has no qualifications, but has been engaged and joyful all his life and it has been a joy to see. But it is a leap you know to imagine that for parents who are. So then my question is about, for all of us and you have addressed this in talking about your village children teaching their patents, how to teach their parents and of course the teachers, how to teach people who have had this mind numbing experience or at least scare mongering experience, being so addicted to measurement. Because the children are empowered. I mean children have it all. 

	[Interrupt]

Female	The brilliant part about that story, if she hadn’t been stuck, but that is the bug busting you were talking about, being stuck or being bored or not being frightened of not knowing?

	[Interrupt – time check – change environment - talking together]

12:06:41
Female	That is the other thing that people do learn, how did you learn when you were a child? Did you enjoy learning?

Answer
Nicholas	I did. I was extremely dyslexic so reading was just very hard and I didn’t do very much of it. Dyslexic children can fool the system and I certainly, it was before it was known as a term. But I always did very well in art and maths and all those things. So I could get through. So it didn’t bother me and I have no reason to explain. I just had extraordinary self confidence. At the age of five I made an appointment with the Headmaster, to have my first grade teacher fired. And I would go into the office and my feet hanging off the chair that is how I remember sitting in the office and my feet not reaching the floor. And I went in and said you know she just has to be fired she is not good.

Female	What had she done?

Nicholas	I forget, it doesn’t matter.

Female	And was she fired?

Nicholas	No she wasn’t fired.  You know and then sort of later at High School I went to the Headmaster and I said you know doing sports is absurd, I don’t want to do sports. And he said, what will you do instead? And I said art and he said fine. And while everyone else was playing soccer and football and ice hockey I was in the art studio doing art. Good for him, absolutely. But normally what would possess a kid to do that, it is clearly some sense of confidence which is totally unfounded. But you go in and say.

Question
Female	But presumably by then you know what it was to be joyful and engaged.  And so when it wasn’t there you railed?

Answer
Nicholas	And it certainly wasn’t sport which everybody else was doing. So following the crowd was clearly not.

Female	And all hail your parents then, yeah.  I mean that does have so much to do with it for a child to know what they don’t have to put up with. You knew somehow you didn’t have to put up with it?

Nicholas	Well I did have to put up with it, my first grade teachers.

Female	You didn’t have to put up with not being heard or not trying to bring yourself to bear and just putting your head down and suffering is generally what people, that is the first lesson people learn isn’t it. What you feel is irrelevant.

Nicholas	So we found in some of the early use of computers in learning. I am going to go back to the late ‘70s. When we were running these experiments in Harlem they were funded by the National Science Foundation which is the funding agency in the United States. And they came to visit the school because the Lab was run by the kids.

Female	What age kids?

Nicholas	9,10,11,12 and it was a school that had graffiti and broken glass from the outside was a pretty grim place. But this one room which was about the size of the room we are in now was pristine and clean and no papers on the floor and everything was pretty well polished and the kids were running it. The National Science Foundation people were a little early for their meeting with the Headmaster so they knew this room existed and they went to it. And since it was Friday afternoon, for some reason the room had only one kid in it who was the kid who was just cleaning up at the end. And they said can you take a moment and show us what these computers do. So the kid was delighted, had no idea who they were. And shows what the computer can do.  I can do this, I can make this. And then they ask well can you do this? Something beyond what the kid showed. And the kid said, one moment and scans through a little manual and says yeah I can do that and he does it and so on. And the time comes they go and see the Headmaster, I forget the name of the child, but they told the Headmaster how impressed they were because the who showed them not only showed them things, but when he couldn’t he read the manual and that was really impressive. And the Headmaster said, no you are making a mistake, that child can’t read. And they said no, you must be making a mistake. So they all get up and go downstairs and it is indeed the same child. And one of the people visiting had the good thought of asking the child, can you read? And the child said, no I can’t.  And they said, before when you couldn’t do something, you.  He said, no that is not reading, I can do that, but they asked me to read about [???] I can’t do that. This I can do.  
12:10:20	And you hear stories like that, examples like that, that tell you maybe what we thought of as reading is if you frame if differently. If it is something that gives you some purpose and results pretty immediately that engages you in different ways you will in fact read and do stuff that maybe isn’t thought of in the same way.

Question
Female	And the same can be said of the word work?

Nicholas	Yes indeed.

Female	I can remember my son when he was about three being in San Francisco and he had never been to America before and he was at a Gaelic nursery at the time in Scotland, only speaking Gaelic, can’t speak any Gaelic now, but could at the time. And I remember him walking up the hill in San Francisco. He had seen somebody hi-5-ing someone on a street corner. And he was going hello hi-5 motton var.  It was like a little code. He was going, so that is English, that is American, that is Gaelic. And he was recognising the code. And yeah he wasn’t learning languages he was figuring out. He wasn’t reading, just figuring out the code.

Nicholas	Well kids we have found worldwide are just so good, they don’t have to know how to read to use computers and I sit at meetings today where I hear the term computer literacy. It is like everybody driving a car is combustion literate. Combustion literacy. It is you know and constantly. And I am talking about meetings like a month ago.  This, where there is a belief that we have to make more material for the kids and we have got to teach teachers how to teach the kids how to use computers. And no self respecting kid really has to be taught how to use a computer. And it is just so destroyed. It is like languages. We admit students to MIT and if they are foreign students they have to pass a total exam. I don’t know what it is called in the UK, but maybe it is the same. And there is a certain score, a threshold that you need before you can not only apply but look at the application.  And you gets lots of particularly Chinese who haven’t cheated necessarily. It is not as if they had a substitute do the thing, but who get perfectly decent total scores and come here and don’t speak a word of English. And you say wow what happened there? And what happened is it is not really measuring the ability to speak the way I am talking to you. And I don’t need a [?] exam, all if need is 30 seconds with the candidate speaking English and in 30 seconds you can figure that out. It is not as if you hit all the topics or know the vocabulary and if you talk this in deeper vocabulary than that, then very quickly you can, by talking. And the equivalent of that and many other things surely exists and you don’t have to resort to a discreet list of questions or tests.

Question
Female	I am imagining a child of six coming here and mixing with people who are talking about growing buildings from seed or growing mice. Can you imagine that, to this kind of sort of realm of possibility. Do you ever think of that?

Answer
Nicholas	Well we do and we ran something here, it now goes back 20 years called the junior summit where we invited kids as young as six but not older than 13 so 6-13 from around the world to spend the week here. And we did it through a selection process where we said you can said anything in any language and we did it through a selection process where we said you can send anything and we will get back to you. We got about I would say about 10 billion sort of leaflets and things out there because this was quite a while ago. And we got about 10,000 applicants which in some cases came in languages that we can barely recognise with the language was, but MIT has so many foreign students you could have a whole process where it was reduced to a thousand. We gave the thousand all computers which in some cases was hard to get them a connection. Then we told them to figure out somehow which hundred of them would come, which they did and the hundred showed up. And the young ones showed up with their parents typically or somebody or one person from a region.  There was out of the hundred there were two kids from Newey which first of all I had never even heard of, it is an independent country in the Pacific and had at the time about a thousand or two thousand residents. And what happened in the case of Newey is all the residents participated in the two applications which did work their way to them.  And those kids came along with others from all over the world. And they spent a week here.  And at the end of the week it was not as it there was a thing that happened, but there were many things that happened. And it was you know after they left it sort of felt empty. We felt maybe we could do this constantly, which you can’t quite, it was a lot of energy to do that. But we have had samples of it. Mitch of whom you spoke has groups coming in all the time.
12:15:09
Question
Female	Have you kept tabs on those children?

Answer
Nicholas	Somebody has, people have got to try and write books on them and followed them. I have not.  Two have come back here and come and graduated. So I haven’t kept track of the people who are keeping track.

Female	How amazing.

Nicholas	It was a real inflection point in the life of this laboratory.

Female	And it must have informed when they left, they must have left something behind in terms of their ability to accept.

Nicholas	Indeed. They broke up into groups to do things and one group decided they would invent digital currency and a group of 10year olds and did that lead to bit coin?  Maybe not directly but it certainly pre-dates bit coin. And they were working on it.  Another group tried to create a country outside the you know, a country that would have stamps and currency and all sorts of things, but not exist in the physical world. That was what they were working on, their project. I forget all the projects, but there were things like that.  

Female	That would be an amazing thing to repeat especially now with a new generation of digi-literate are we calling them, bionic kids?

Nicholas	But now there maybe, the world maybe that may have passed in the sense that so many people are connected now. But at the time I remember that about a dozen of the applicants came from African nations, a dozen who were in the first thousand for whom a great deal of effort was spent to connect them and deliver computers to them. And we abused all sorts of diplomatic pouches. In other words we pulled every string that we could. And I don’t know if you remember historically when there were some rockets sent that from Afghanistan I believe that destroyed the Embassy in Tanzania.  And our computers were in the Embassy that particular day so we lost some which is why I remembered historically whenever that was with data.  

Question
Female	Does every child a computer programme still?

Answer
Nicholas	It continues in five countries by far the best is Uruguay. Because they really continued it. Every child in Uruguay well it is now ten, so twelve years has had a computer for his or her life after the age of six. So those kids are now in their early 20s typically. So have they gotten into what is called the workforce and you can see. Uruguay is pretty creative economy and it gets credit for that whether that should be tied to the laptop or not.  The laptop should get some credit. How much? I might give it more credit than it deserves. But Uruguay was by far the best.  Ruanda, Peru, Nicaragua were sort of second bests.  And they still go on. There is no central organisation any more. So Uruguay helps Ruanda and Nicaragua sort of deals with the hardware and sends it to, so they are working amongst themselves. And of course it is not that laptop any more, it is totally different programmes. 

Question
Female	Is it always six? I am curious about that age rather than any other age.

Answer
Nicholas	Well we are six and five are the same.  I don’t want to fiddle with the five or six, but it has got to be very early.  It has to be early because the same that helps you form what is called reading and so on is about the right stage to do it. Four is okay, it doesn’t mean kids shouldn’t use computers before. If you start waiting until later it is a little bit like learning a language. If you learn it before the age of 7 or 8 you are guaranteed not to have an accent. And at least if you learn it in some immersive way which could be just going to a French school in down town London.  If you do it young enough you will speak French fluently. And it is also equally certain that if you learn that language after the age of about 10 or 12, you are going to have an accent. So suggests you know by analogy at least doing it at an early age you will be more fluent and grow into it. 

Question	I am just thinking of it in relation to alternative education models that we are inspired by where we start grade 1 at 7, that is the point and I am just curious about what it means to start with a computer before 7, because customarily before 7, kindergarten in our school and also in schools that we are inspired by in Finland for example, you are playing interestingly, you are learning how to make fires and climb trees and get bored, make friends, but you are not learning to put anything down on paper. But I can imagine that that is not necessarily, that if one’s relationship with the computer is similar to one’s relationship with one’s friends and the fire and the boredom or whatever else, it is out with the idea of learning to write or learning to read. It is a different thing?
12:20:23
Answer
Nicholas	Well there are movements to teach reading later rather than sooner. I haven’t followed them carefully. But I do get very nervous when parents tell me oh my kid can read at three and they are pushing them to read and there is this competitiveness. And you know you drive by a motel and your three year old says, Motel as if they are reading the word. And again I don’t want to jump down their throat and say you may be doing more harm than good. But there is a body of thought which I am sure you know better than I where starting reading at a later age is better. And I can believe that. But sort of using a computer is not quite in that same category. It is more like talking.

Question	It is about communication and about an interface rather than reading and writing is more to do with self reflection and learning hand writing for example which we think of as very important. There will be several generations coming up fairly shortly that don’t know how to write at all with their hands?

Answer
Nicholas	Yeah I am not sure if that is bad. It is probably true.

Female	I am not sure either, but neurologists have written about handwriting being one very interesting area of self expression to work something out through it.  Maybe it is not the worst thing in the world not to be able to write, maybe going back to.

Nicholas	There are other ways to write.  The sort of things that fall off are table you know Roman numerals dated a long time ago and I remember in school having to learn them and add them and do things. And I found it fun because it was a puzzle and what goes before and after. You know it was a little bit like scrabble or something. I was okay with that, but it really didn’t have much meaning and most people don’t do it today.

Female	That is a very good analogy actually, I am thinking of Latin which I learned which I do use occasionally when I am thinking of a word in Italian. It is a useful thing or even in English, but it is no great prism necessarily, it is a tool.

Nicholas	It is a foundation for other things and people think of Latin a little bit more like push ups you know it is good for your mind, it is going to exercise your mind. I also did at least six years of Latin, but maybe, who knows what is allowed. It is not quite in the sports department. 

Female	I love you talking about sports being a waste. I love it.

Nicholas	In this country you have no idea.

Female	It is a religion here.

Nicholas	I am sure you followed the scandals that broke out that parents were trying to help their kids to get into college by cheating and one of the forms of cheating is to get the sports coach to admit you because sports coaches can admit students based on how well they do a sport. And this is just unbelievable. You describe it. But it is so sacrosanct here. Entire university systems are built on their sports teams because that is what the alumni want and give money because of the sports team and if the sports team doesn’t win they actually see a drop in charitable gifts to the institution. And if the sports team wins it goes up. 

Question
Female	What has that got to do with, is it to do with the fact they are competitive, to do with the identity of the college?

Answer
Nicholas	Yes absolutely. Even though there are some colleges you have never heard of that have done the best in sports like football, especially when it gets into edging towards the professional. And you probably can’t think of too many that in terms of their baseball teams you probably can say, but there are some specialists, in this part of the United States they play Lacrosse which most people have never even heard of. But boy they take is so seriously. And it is kind of weird that you admit students on their ability to play some obscure sport that will help your university be seen in a better light by the Alumni.  

Question
Female	Is it because it is essentially democratic or something, but then it is not?

Answer
Nicholas	I think it is more the celebration of competitive sport.  I am not the right person to ask.

Female 	I am enjoying this being down on sports.

Question
Male	Can you just explain the protocol and rationale and how links with [?] digital tools in education, what is the rationale?

Answer
Nicholas
12:25:05	So I had been running the media lab for about 20 years and decided it was time for somebody else to do that. And at the time I sort of had a home in Switzerland and a home in Greece and I thought perfect I will retire and spend the winters in one place and the summers in another.  This was about 15, almost 20 years ago. And I said, no instead what I should do as I know all the people who have given lots of financial support to the media lab, let me do one last big thing. And Seymour Papire was alive at the time and we started the one laptop per child programme which started off as a very technical solution to how do make 100 dollar laptop? Because what was happening in the commercial world was that companies like Microsoft were making faster and faster software systems and companies like Intel were making faster and faster processors. But the one was eaten by the other so the net net people using it was basically zero. And even if that is not perfectly accurate it is an approximation of what was going on. And the price was at a thousand dollars constantly. So we said, what if you could really change that equation and change. And as we were working on that and the idea that this being laptop for children you could drop from 20ft, it was waterproof, it worked in the sun, you can hand crank it, it was a tablet as well as a laptop and had lots of techie features that we loved and thought we knew a lot about. And it would be a laptop kids could use to particular write computer programmes.

	And as it evolved as a non profit, separate from the media lab.  I took a leave of absence from MIT, a new director was found that I literally went across the street to a building just across the street and we grew to about a hundred people. At first the hardware and software and then going out into the field which typically locals. And in three years we were able to build and ship three million laptops to countries around the world mostly Latin America, but let’s say two thirds there and one third in Africa. And as it grew we found certain countries would adopt it with open arms and others would reject it like India rejected it and others. China rejected it. And so there if you will, educational sort of didn’t want to embrace it.  

	Now three million laptops if I were starting a business and told you I had a business plan to make three million laptops and sell them in the first three years, that is a pretty good business. But it was non profit and we were funded by very many of the same people who had been funding the media lab. And was able to grow that rapidly. But what really happened with one laptop per child is something that nobody ever got to know or follow. And that is by the time we built our three million laptops it was pretty clear to people we could build laptops, we had a factory in Taiwan, that made the prototypes and major factory on mainland China. Now they weren’t devoted to us, it was a huge company, they made most people’s laptops. But we could push the button so to speak and generate 100,000 per week of our laptops and ship them by sea to wherever you wanted them at very low cost where you never got down to quite a hundred, but depending on currencies you could maybe get to a hundred and twenty or a hundred and fifty.  Also the cost of oil, all sorts of things were contained in that number. And we were always dealing with the Head of State and in the case of Brazil [?] was in power and I said to him I have an idea, because he was about to issue a tender for million laptops. You can’t just call up your buddy Nicholas and say I want a million laptops. There are laws, there are tenders. And I said, let me help you write the tender, not because I never write my laptop [?] but I know enough about the field and I promise you not to write my laptop. And we you know the tenders we put out were bid, but we will do is bid publically, publish it in the newspaper. Two weeks before it is due we will put our price, which nobody ever does, everyone keeps that as a secret and then they all bid and the lowest price wins. So we publish our price in the Brazilian newspapers and in that particular tender was 179 dollars which included training and spare parts and so 179 per laptop. And the winner got it for 180. We published our own price so they knew, they had to be a dollar more or maybe it was even 179.50 cents, but it was very small delta. And when that happened and they got the million laptops I realised wow what a great solution because we can keep publishing our price which are honest prices. We had perfect credibility because not just [?] but others, now we can push that button and generate them. And we can drive all the prices way down. And so the number of laptops that we distributed was 3.5 or some relatively small number, but we were won by the others as a number like 40-50 million. And so that was the great accomplishment at least on the economic side of that to push the prices.  Which we could never do if we had not built the first three [?]. You can’t just arrive and publish a price so we had to deliver the first ones. And that part of the story has basically never been told, but you know again it had anecdote stories and they are very if you are photogenic, the cow type story and people pick up from those. And it has had historically, I have never been involved in something where hindsight, sort of 20 years later actually is more positive than it was at the time. At the time it was really not an appreciated project and many things went wrong. And there was you see this, you see that. And it was subject to a great deal of criticism.  And now almost 20 years later people think of it as this great project and look what it did. And at the time it was pretty frustrating. We were being crucified in places for doing it, not necessary for the right reasons.   
12:30:57
Female	It is legendary.  Everyone has to take that on the chin.

Nicholas	Well we had nothing to lose. Intel went to war with us and I remember going to the Chairman and going, we don’t care how many we sell.  I have no reputation that I care about or need to defend. And I said, I am like a terrorist and I have got a bomb around my waist. And you don’t you have shareholders, you have got a reputation. And you know if you don’t change your ways I am just going to pull the plug. And really you see they thought about it as competitive and normal market forces had nothing to do with what we were doing. To the extent the cost of the laptop was the price of the laptop and it would vary from laptops.  And sometimes it would go down 10 dollars in a month and whoever bought it would get a ten dollar lower price. We were bankrolling the difference. 

Question
Female	But that is the nature of the achievement, that it is so much more than the sum of its parts, it is not just an economic initiative. That is about spirit and about attitude which yeah people need to be massaged into, that has to be an imperative, but it is not. It is so possible for people to ignore that and just look at the bottom line and competition for the bottom line?

Answer
Nicholas	Yeah well it got people pretty exercised. Well it was a lot of fun while it lasted. And now these were little green and white laptops for a reason actually which I can tell you why they were green and white. But some of them are 15 years old. Some of those 15 year old laptops are still working fine in rural Cambodia. But in Uruguay they changed them every five years and they get new ones. So what do they do with the old ones?  And they make bricks out of them, they take the plastic and grind it up and make bricks that are literally the size of bricks. They haven’t made enough bricks to build a school out of it. But they gave me one of the bricks recently and I thought, wow that is really interesting.  He developed this whole project and ten years later somebody gives it to you crushed, squashed as a brick. 

Female	Wow that is growing a house from seed!

Nicholas	I guess if you use the bricks in a particular way.

Female	You have to build something here with them.

Nicholas	Well I only have one. We should get a whole load shipped up here maybe, that is a very good idea. Should do that.

Question
Female	And why are they green and white?  Camouflage?

Answer
Nicholas	No very early on just after it was announced in Nigeria to go to Nigeria to show it and at the meeting, his equivalent of the White House, it was, I was sort of, I had been doing this but it was very early on and I don’t travel with an entourage.  I was all alone on one side and all his ministers were on the other side. He comes into the room with this blue flowing robes, he stands up, he sits down and he points his finger at me and says Professor [?] I have only one word for your project. So everybody’s fingers especially mine are holding onto the table. And he says enchanting. I melted. And he said enchanting. And I came back and told everybody the story. And a year later I went back and I said, you know, less than a year, I said it was so encouraging, it was so helpful. And to express my appreciation we are going to make the laptop in your national colours. And it is the green and white. And it is the exact green and white of their flag.  And that is how they became green and white.  

Female	That is a good word, enchanting.

Nicholas	Enchanting was a wonderful word.  Hard not to melt when he tells you that. 

Question
Male	Something like that now in the age of laptops?

Answer
Nicholas	I don’t think there is a need for that kind of programme now because you know the laptops are all inexpensive, they are all easy, they are all accessible.  

Question
Male	So a change of question. Do you think you envisage a similar scale of programme now and what would it be? A scope and gesture towards developing countries?
12:35:02
Answer
Nicholas	If one were to do. What is needed now perhaps more than anything may not be so much in the education world, but more in the development world to first of all connect everybody, call that education.  And to get the  world of telecommunications to basically not be part of the private sector.  The history of telecommunications has been such that everybody sees it as a commercial opportunity and to such an extreme if you look at the ten richest people in Africa, nine of them made it in telecommunications, you look at the hundred richest people in the world and [?] industries, but directly or indirectly. It is a very lucrative business. So we are at a point where it should be more human rights structure and more civic infrastructure. So you don’t think of the road when you go and you drive on it as something you are paying for like a toll road because they are extraordinary minority of roads. But it is part of a different cycle which has to do with taxes.  And if telecommunications could be thought of that way as part of civics versus this commercial add-on, that would be really important. And it may be one of the few areas where competition is hurting because you are telling people to build parallel systems out there to do things that enable competition which is not very efficient. And in fact it just costs so much that if you look at telecommunications today, the cost of telecommunications, the innate cost is a small fraction because all the other things, the marketing, the profit, all these other things take the lion’s share. And so on a very large scale it would be nice to change that.  And the only way you can do that at the UN level is not country by country.

Question
Female	And then it is global. And then what happens with somebody like China?

Answer
Nicholas	Well China is one of the most interesting players in this field and it is a really sore subject at the moment because this company Huawei is getting beaten up by the Americans and yet it shouldn’t be because it is a really good and really important company that is doing a lot of advance science and technology and back up telecommunications for over a decade. The United States has had no interest in it. And has basically developed nothing. And then to suddenly decide that you should be doing something. The way to make that decision is not to lock out the biggest and most important player in the field. So companies like AT&T who used to have Bell Labs many years ago was a giant and Bell Labs was the birth place of a lot of very important inventions. And then it got divided and subdivided and re-divided and sold and today for the past decade we have done nothing. And the Government has funded very little. And it is a funny situation.

Question
Female	So how do you see it playing out? 
	
Answer
Nicholas	I think you just have to vote this man out. There is no way, nothing is going to happen with Trump there, that is a not serious government. So it is hard to say how it will play out because you know his buffoonery is matched by the people around him. So it is not as if there is some stabilising forces in Government any more. When there were the few that were are now gone.  So it is hard to play it out as long as he is there. And if he is re-elected it is going to be a really dark age for the United States. At least in science and technology and other things.  

Female	Well you are talking to a Scots woman, so yeah.

Nicholas	It is pretty weird, though the elections this weekend were a little more hopeful than I expected, not for the UK.

Female	Well for Scotland they were. We are going to be independent very soon.  And I hope then still a member of Europe, but just wait until the British Prime Minister is Boris Johnson, we can see him and Trump together that is going to be fun. 

	


MITCH RESNICK AND TILDA
MIT Media Lab, May 2019

Female	Just start, go for it.  
12:40:00
Male	I think one of the real problems in education is that people too often think about learning in terms of a type of delivery mechanism. You are delivering information from a teacher to a student and the process of education is seen as how can we improve the delivery of information from teacher to student and this emphasis on making it more efficient and deliver that information. But for me learning is not about delivering information.  For me learning is a process of an individual developing new ways of seeing the world through exploring and experimenting and expressing themselves. And of course they interact with other people with teachers and others in order to help them explore, experiment and express themselves. But it is not about the learner taking in information. And in fact information is not at the core of it. The point is not just gathering lots of information, but developing a better understanding of the world, of yourself through a constant interaction with others. Actually it is a little bit like an analogy with the way media works these days. It used to be seen as broadcast media. You would broadcast information to a viewer. And you would think much more about an interactive style of interaction with media.  And learning the same way is a matter of learning through our interactions with the  world. So how it [?] trying to see how is it we can support those types of interactions with the world to help children and people of all ages better explore, experiment and express themselves. 

And I think that is maybe that is more important today than ever before because the world is changing so quickly. Any particular information you learn it might be outdated or outmoded by the time kids grow up. Just gathering information is certainly not a good strategy any more.  We know that today’s kids as they grow up are going to be confronted with a never ending stream of unknown and uncertain and unpredictable situations because things are changing so quickly. So what is going to be most important for today’s kids is the ability to think and act creatively. To come up with innovative approaches to the unexpected things they undoubtedly will encounter in their lives.  So always trying to think how can we support that creative learning. And I hope if I was around a hundred years ago or two hundred years ago I would still have been in favour of creative learning.  Kids learn to think creatively, act creatively. But it is even more important today than ever before. And we know that just delivering information is not going to be the right way to help kids to develop as creative learners. So in our work we are always thinking how can we support that type of creative learning approach. And I think it is the way we try and take seriously, here at the media lab where I work with big kids, university students, with researchers, we think it is important to be creative learners here. So at a place like the media lab we arrange it so that people are constantly being able to not just work on leading edge technologies, but do it creatively and innovatively and come up with new ideas to spread to the world. 

And it makes us frustrated when we go down the street to look at elementary school and we don’t see kids having the same type of creative learning opportunities and too often kids are still sitting at desks, listening to lectures, filling out work sheets. And it is not that they don’t learn anything from doing that, they aren’t developing as creative thinkers. And so they aren’t really preparing for what is really needed in today’s society. And we are saying needed in today’s society. I mean not just for the workplace, where it is certainly needed for the workplace, but also in your own personal life to be able to navigate an ever changing world. And participate in your local communities with your family, your friends, your community. How to be able to actively participate in the world around you. We need kids to grow up as creative thinkers. 
12:46:06
	As we have thought about how is it we can help kids grow up as creative thinkers? We have been especially inspired by the way the children learn in kindergarten. You know we think the traditional kindergarten gets kids get off to a good start. That in the traditional kindergarten kids do spend a lot of time experimenting, exploring designing, creating, they build towers with blocks, make pictures with finger paints and crayons. And in the process they learn a lot. They build a tower with blocks, they learn about structure and stability, what makes things stand up, fall down and they make a picture with finger paints they learn how colours mix together. But even more important I think they learn about the creative process, how to start with an idea, to try out the idea, to share the idea with others, to get feedback and ideas to experiment and to try new things. To have things not work out and then make adjustments to improve it. So iterative cycle of constantly imagining new things. Trying to it out in the world, getting feedback from others, experimenting and that sparks new ideas. And we see that happening in the traditional kindergarten but we think that should be for learners of all ages. So we are trying to take that approach that has been successful in kindergarten and extent it to learners of all ages. And that is why I call my research group the lifelong kindergarten group.  So it is for learners of all ages should have that same type of kindergarten approach to learning. 

Question
Female	And I am thinking of your example of going into an elementary school where children are not given the license to have this, there isn’t the patience and understanding to have this free space. And of course that is down to their teachers and school boards and parents not having confidence in it and having had a different education themselves.  So we know that children are eminently and everlastingly flexible and resourceful, we know that. And give them that free space and they will encounter being bored or being challenged or being over excited with all sorts of vim and vigour. But it is adults or people who have been brought up in a different way who I am really interested in looking at now.  I mean obviously we can’t just sit around and wait for three year olds to develop to the point where because we haven’t got that much time, it would be nice to think it is possible to re-educate or re-engage people who have had a different experience.  What would you say about that?
12:50:05
Answer	In fact if we could wait just for today’s three year olds to grow up and to change the world to be honest I am willing to wait, because I think this is a long term effort, but I worry that those three year olds are going to get influenced by the current system and they will be changed by the time they become 15 year olds, 25 year olds, 45 years. So we need to change the overall environment the kids are growing up in.  It is a difficult challenge, I sometimes say that we need to change two things that are difficult to change. We need to change mindsets and structures. We need to change mindsets the way that people think about educational learning. As long as people think about educational learning as a delivering mechanism of delivering information to kids then we are not going to change things.

	Certainly we need to change the structures of school systems and other educational environments as well. Because often they are set up in a way that makes it very difficult for kids to continue to develop as creative thinkers. If we set up schools where their 50 minute time periods and then they have to move onto the next thing. Or one week curriculum unit and then move onto the next thing. If we set up in school where each discipline is segregated from one and other of kids of different ages are segregated from one and other. If schools are separate from community. All those types of barriers and divisions make it very difficult for kids to grow up as creative thinkers.

	Now those things are hard to change, they are built into our systems and often it is hard to change one little piece without disrupting other parts. But those types of changes we do need, we need to make those changes eventually. So I think there is both a short term and a long term. We can start making small examples of how we can make changes and to highlight them to understand new possibilities. But this has to be a long term effort. I sometimes say that I am a short term pessimist and long term optimist. Because I know how difficult change is, that makes me a short term pessimist. We can’t expect everything to change over night because mindsets and structures are hard to change. But I am certainly a long term optimist because I know this alternative approach to learning education is what children need. And I think overall society will recognise that over time because the society is changing in a way that we need to start dealing with educational learning in different ways. So I definitely believe we are moving in the right direction and we see some very promising examples.   We can’t see great examples but inside schools and outside of schools they are trying new things and succeeding and helping children develop as creative thinkers and we need to highlight those examples and continue to that those children as they grow older as they can continue to help bring about those changes as they get older. 

Question	And to up the short term pessimism a little we can also say that the outdated modes are crashing, they are not serving society well and mental health and a general state of societal alienation is what we see now. And we are pretty clear that these delivery system education models are largely to blame?

Answer	I totally agree that the current system is not working and more people are recognising that. We need to get a broader understanding of both why it is not working and what the alternatives are.  Because if we don’t agree where we are headed, we are not likely to get there. And for me the starting point is to help get a better understanding of what should be the goals of learning and education because if people continue to think about education about learning a specific set of facts and skills to prepare you for particular jobs that is not going to be a successful strategy.  But in my mind the goal of education is to help children grow up as creative thinkers so they are able to actively participate in all parts of their lives whether personal lives, community lives work lives, that should be the goal of education. But it is not a commonly or broadly accepted goal. So for me we have to start by helping people understand the importance and the value of helping children develop as creative thinkers and why that is so important in today’s society.
12:56:43
	And that is sort of the why we need to change and we have to get a grip on why we need to change. Then there is the challenge of how we have to change, what are the changes we need to put in place in order to help reach that goal.  

Question	So what would you, if you could make a very short list of three changes, very simple changes in attitude or practical measures to educating not just children but people of any ages, their thinking about learning, what would they be?

Answer	When I think about the way I would like to see learning I sometimes think in terms of four guiding principles. They all begin with the letter P. Projects, passion, peers and play. So I think we need people of all ages, we need to give them opportunities to get actively involved in projects that are based on their passions in collaboration with peers in a playful spirit.  So I think all of those are important. Now working on a project is help people understand the creative process. When you work on a process you start with an idea, you try it out, some things don’t work, you revise it, you iterate, you adapt. So knowing that the process that goes into work on a project is key for people to develop as creative thinkers. But we can’t just tell people work on this project. We know that people are going to work longer and harder and be persistent in the face of challenges if they work on things they care about deeply. Things they are passionate about. So we always have to try to find peoples passions and let them build on their interests and build on their passions because we know they are going to be more motivated. But also we have seen them make deeper connections to ideas. If you are building on interests and you are making connections with ideas. If you just sort of are taught an idea you are forgetting the future.  If you encounter that idea when working on a project you are passionate about, you make a deeper connection to the idea.

	But we also know that learning is not an individual or solitary process.  A lot of times people get the wrong idea about thinking about the great Rodas sculpture of The Thinker. It is a great sculpture, but not a great model of the learning process about with a thinking process. Of course we do some of our thinking and learning in solitary deep contemplation and that is an important one element. But to be honest most creative learning happens in collaboration with other people and collaboration with other things. So we need to make sure we create environments where people are learning with and from others, where they are engaged with other people, get feedback and suggestions on what they have done. To get inspiration from other people where other people meet and from the projects from other people.

13:01:01	And then working on those projects, we think it is important for people to do it in a playful spirit.  And some of this is misunderstood. When people think of play they just think of laughing and having fun.  And there is nothing wrong with laughing and having fun. But for me play is not an activity it is more of an attitude.  It is an attitude we are constantly experimenting and trying new things and taking risks. And if you are going to be creative you need to be able to playfully experiment and try new things. So we have to create an environment where people feel safe and comfortable to experiment and take risks and be able to play. So it is not just a matter of playing a game, but being able to feel comfortable and confident in trying new things and comfortable when things go wrong. And seeing as a failure can be turned into an opportunity to say this gives a new idea. I can adapt that and go in new directions.  So projects, passion, peers and play for me is like a set of guiding principles for how we should start rethinking things.  

	And while we try to apply this to everything for creating a new space for learning, we think how could it support projects, passion, peers and play?  If we are developing a new technology we think about how can the technology support projects, passion, peers and play. Because too often as new technologies get introduced to the world, they get introduced in a way that aligns with the old vision of education and learning. If education was traditionally see as a way of delivering education from teacher to student, if people think, oh if technology could deliver information to the student. So you just take the teacher out put the technology there and it delivers information.  

	But that approach to learning is not what we need today. So we have a very, very vision of the way we should use new technologies. I want to see new digital technologies used in the same spirit as the wooden blocks and finger paint of kindergarten.  Technology should be a way for children to design, create, experiment and explore just the way they do with wooden blocks and finger paint.

Question	So the material of the technology, whether it is wooden blocks and finger paint or laptop is secondary to the material of I will give you four other words that just came up to me as you were speaking. Wonder, curiosity, trust and joy. So that is the material. And then the technology whatever it is, is secondary to that?

Answer	Yes so it is not only the nature of the activity and the nature of the engagement, not the materials, but more the nature of acidity and engagement. So the words you chose, joy, wonder, curiosity are all part of the nature of engagement.  And I do think that is what we need to be focused on.  And in some ways children will have a joyful experience building with blocks, they can also have a joyful experience creating new animation on a screen. So I am happy to embrace all of those things. Also they can have a not very creative experience with a person delivering information or a computer delivering information and both can be negative experiences.
13:05:58
Question	Or they can have a negative experience with somebody holding a lesson in a slightly autocratic way with finger paints and building blocks?

Answer	Yes right. So the material does not dictate exactly how it is going to be used.  Of course some materials are better designed to support creative activity and engagement and exploration, experimentation. But they all can be misused as well. So we should still design the technologies and materials and media to support and make more likely that they get used for designing, creating and experimenting and exploring. But we can also be designing activity structures and designing environments so it is not just about the materials or technologies, but designing activities, designing environments and designing facilitation approaches for the people around to know how to support the kids and using these materials in a creative way.

Male	Can I suggest something that we continue this when walking as we don’t have much time.  

Female	Let’s walk up and look at Lego, never a bad thing.

	[Cut in sound]
	


NEIL GERSHENFELD
CENTRE FOR BITS AND ATOMS, MIT

Male	Do you want me looking at the camera? [Talking together]

Question
Male	Let’s talk about, I think [?] came to the workshop helped to make, were not necessarily looking to come from all [?] what they wanted to make, project.  What is so interesting in making why are people drawn to that?

Answer
Male	So there is a deep connection between making the class here and accidental global revolution I have been involved in. So I run the centre for Bits and atoms and IT that was started with the goal of having one of anything to make anything roughly, all the ways to go from digital to physical to look at that boundary. And the problem it would take a lifetime of classes just to learn how to use all the tools that we use. So I started with some colleagues the class modestly called how to make almost anything. And that was aimed at a few research students learning to use these advance research tools. And hundreds of students showed up to take the class for ten people. And it has happened every year since.
 
13:10:01	So it has become one of the most popular classes in MIT and we have expanded the multiple labs at MIT and even Harvard for the class.  And the real surprise was they weren’t there first and foremost to do research or to start businesses, they just wanted to create. And every year they would do the most amazing things.  So in that class I teach forming function, adding and subtractive 2D and 3D electronics code. All the ways just to create function. And the students do these amazing expressive things. The first year Kelly Dobson made a device to save up screams and play it back later when convenient. Like you can scream into it and it saves it up and releases it later by recording it and playing it back.  And somebody made a web browser for parrots and somebody made an alarm clock you wrestle with and somebody made a dress that defends your personal space. And these were so consistently so inventive I got, the students were answering a question I didn’t ask. And the research we do here we are looking at digital fabrication, how to go to digital, to physical. But not really why and they were showing, just as the killer app for digital computing was personal computing the killer app for digital fabrication was personal fabrication not production for mass markets. But production of market of one person.  Personal expression in technology.  And it touches something very, very deep. It is only in the modern era consumption has turned into clicking on web pages to purchase products made far away.  So it touches something very profound to be able to shape your physical environment.   

Question
Male	So you also write about revolution?

Answer	So computing went from single mainframes and in fact the first real time computer was made here at MIT called the Whirlwind, to mini computers that filled the room and the Whirlwind was commercialised as the PDP and that was used to create the internet. And from there on to [?] computers and personal computers and now smartphones and internet of things. And numerically that went from one to a thousand to a million to a billion to a trillion computing things. So that is what has happened in the last 50 years. And that is based on digital computing and communication. 

	In the same sense the research we are doing here is not driving a digital revolution in fabrication going from bits to atoms, literally digital to physical. And in the same way it is scaling in that same exponential. So it goes from IT the first computer controlled manufacturing was done in 1952 to fablabs that I will tell you about, to using fablabs to make fablabs to assemblers to self assemblers to the start track replicator.  And so we are looking at another 50 years of scaling from 1,000 to a million to a billion to a trillion. Now it is important about that historical background is email, video games, the internet, all the things you do with the mini computer.  You do today with the computer happened in the minicomputer era.  It didn’t happen after the smart phone, it happened when computing reached the scale of a work group. So that is where fablabs come in.  

13:15:29	Initially for the National Science Foundation, I set up a mini version of my lab here.  Instead of ten million dollars it is about a hundred thousand dollar investment which is a lot for one person but it is small for a community.  It is about two tons and fills a room.  It includes a 3D printer that gets a lot of attention, but includes all the other tools you need to make complete functional systems of boats, bicycles, furniture and consumer electronics and those accidentally went viral. So we set up one and that led to a second and that lead to another and so they have been doubling roughly every year and a half. There was over 1,500 of them.  Everywhere you can think of on earth.  And they are spreading very much like the spread of computing, but now crossing this digital to physical boundary. 

Question	So what is a fablab?

Answer	So fablabs are part of a much bigger story. There is maker movements and hacker spaces and all of that. But many of them are isolated that if you exercise in a gym you don’t benefit when somebody exercises in another gym.  But the fablab really works as a network.  So it is a curated set of capabilities to make almost anything and today that fills a big room, weighs two tons and costs 100,000 dollars. It includes again 3D printers, but precise milling, large format milling, laser cutters, moulding, casting, electronics, surface mount rework. All these tools you need to create technology. And this network of over 1,500 of the labs share this curated set of tools and then functions as a community and so we can talk about their classes over it. There is non profits, there are businesses, there are initiatives for urban self sufficiency. Programmes using this network to meet a wide range of local needs.  

Question	So who is it for?

Answer	Yes.  The answer is it is very similar to saying who is a computer for, how is it used?  It is used by. So if you take a typical fablab they teach classes, they have open free time for the community, they have little businesses, they help big businesses, the create community infrastructure, they have kids programmes, they have programmes for retired people.  Maybe one analogy is think about the role of a town library. Carnegie funded the creation of libraries at the turn of the previous century as driving a new kind of literacy.  This is now a new kind of literacy from going from digital to physical and has the same range of uses as a town library.

13:20:03
Question	So let’s talk about process of learning.  Is any teaching involved or is this all kind of self?

Answer	So there are a couple of kinds of teaching. The one thing it is not is simply self in that do it yourself is great in spirit but it also involves a lot of bad ideas and reinvention of things that are known to be poor ways to do things and better ways to do it.  What you need is mentoring but on the other hand traditional education is kind of just in case you build up educational inventory for the future rather than just in time learning where you learn project based as you go. So one of the core things the fablab network supports is mentoring. And the important part of that is a programme I run called the Fab academy. So if you look at the MIT behind me, the economic output of businesses from MIT campus fall between the economic output of India and Russia, it is like the world’s [?] economy which is a crazy number because it is not that many people and it is not that they are that brilliant but this is a productive environment for people like that. So in the same sense in the fablabs we have them in the arctic villages and African [?] town and India and they attract that same profile of [?] people who are often considered problems in local schools or businesses as they don’t follow the rules in them. And so we had a problem, they would come to the labs, start to learn skills and fall off an educational cliff. And so we started this programme called the Fab Academy building on the how to make anything class. I teach at MIT. So to understand that MIT is like a mainframe. You come here for processing and it is very productive for a very small number of people.  There is a lot of attention for online classes.  But those are in the history of computing like time sharing. There is still an educational mainframe and your terminal connected to it.  The way the Fab Academy works is students have peers with mentors in labs locally in these labs all around the world, but then we link them globally with real time video and content sharing. So we do a few hundred site video conferences and we have big platforms for content and sharing across these labs. So it is much like the internet. The internet unlike the Bitnet grew at the edges. You would add a computer to the edge of the internet for it to grow. And in the same sense the Fab Academy is a distributed network but it mentors going from beginning to hard, from easy to hard in an scalable distributed way.  

And one of the things that is very interesting in the Fab Academy is some of the sites are grass root community centres, some are companies, some are traditional formal institutions but they are all on an equal footing on this in participating in it. And it is turn has spun more classes. My colleague George Church started a class in this called How to grow almost anything to learn bio technology. And there is a textile technology class called fabri academy. There is a name that was kind of a joke, the academy of almost anything, or acadamany.  That refers to this collection of not do it yourself, not distance, not central but distributive learning. And for me that is one of the greatest implications of the fablab network because there are orders of magnitude and more just brain power and [?] of people we find than what flows into traditional education.  And this is a way to scale to meet that opportunity.   
12:26:02
Question	So what is the future of education?  

Answer	So I wrote an essay for the economic forum a few years ago and the question is MIT obsolete?  And my answer was 50% and what I mean by that is MIT has been very productive historically and there are some things that are really best done here that can’t be done anywhere else that require really specialised skills and really specialised capabilities. But traditional formal education is based on a lot of assumptions of scarcity that people, pools, books, space are all scarce so you have to limit access.  There is only a subset of learning that works by yourself looking at a computer screen. We have consistently found in the Fab Academy that isolated students really fail, they have to be in these learning work groups. And so what I meant by the 50% is that is you ask what can be done needs to be done in a place like MIT and what can be blown out to this distributed educational model. For comparison I helped plan a building at MIT that cost ten years to make and ended up being almost a thousand dollars a square foot to build. And a building like that, a hundred million dollar investment makes a few hundred people happy.  At that same time I helped create over a thousand fablabs each making a hundred people happy and so then the question is what can be done in that distributed way and what needs a more central education and that boundary is an interesting one.  There is a boundary but the boundary keeps receding as kind of what I am doing globally in the fablab network competes with what I am doing at MIT. And MIT is very happy to have me compete me with myself like that because the real goal is furthering the aims of it.  

	But it is important to understand we didn’t set out to create this global educational network, we started by pairing with all kinds of existing educational programmes but we kept hitting limits because the core competence of MIT is really cultural.  It is a place where people are productive in the same sense the people we were attracting to the fablabs these really bright and creative people kept running into businesses and schools that would strangle them, that would limit how they do it. 

13:30:28	So this environment where you can do [?] your aim reduction to practice learning but with mentoring is really bringing the social engineering, the skills to create productive environments, for this outlier people in a much more scalable way. 

Question	But it is not the case of fablabs, micro MIT you are talking about different model. Why is it kind of more traditional model? The other one is more distributed knowledge system?

Answer	But the interesting this is exactly that boundary because Fablabs began as outreach and whatever is doing it, MIT began as research but really a great example is every year I teach the How to make anything class at MIT and we have hundreds of students trying to get into it. And then I teach the global version in the Fab Academy and bit by bit the global version is beginning to get ahead of the MIT version in that tapping more brain power of more of the planet.  And so if you look at not do it yourself and not working in an isolated lab, but using this whole lab network as a distributed campus it is beginning to climb up from outreach to substantial technical education to beginning to bump up against doing research. And so if you look at history from mainframes to Bitnet to internet, the smart thermostat today has the computational capability of the early min computer and so in the same way these educational networks are really bumping up against that boundary between traditional formal education. 

One of the most interesting signs of that is, a few years back I did a key note for educos a group that runs EDU and it was a lovely session, but then we talked about accreditation about how to accredit the fab academy. But they loved what we were doing but they said they couldn’t do it because you accredit a place you can’t accredit a network.  They had no way to do that. But they said something very helpful which is they encouraged us to make up our own accreditation. So we invented a degree that we give in the fablab network that is just made up. But it is very, very carefully evaluated. The students have mentors supervising them. There is a regional [?] checking those there are global oversight of them.  It is very carefully curated with skills based portfolio. And we get asked a lot of questions, but not who authorised to give that because nobody really knows how to do it, but we build documentation for it. What is happening now is this made up degree we teach all over the world in these distributed sites, a number of traditional universities like the [?] in Paris or [?] in Finland are actually giving their credentials to the students coming through this process so you can be a [?] student in the [?] while participating this global fab academy.  

Again really challenging and blurring the boundary between traditional formal education and this distributed one. There is a lot of false dichotomy so one is traditional versus do it yourself, one is classroom versus online.  What I am describing is none of those. It is mentoring educational networks. 
13:35:29
Question	Can we go back to making, the role of making in education and also project based learning as that is a big thing?

Answer	A couple of parts to that. One is if you ask a random person do you want to learn a dance computational design or path planning for machine tools they might look at you blankly.  But if you ask a random person would you like to design and create your own furniture?  It just touches something really, really deep. The fablabs keep spreading because nobody is pushing them but somebody sees them and wants to go to somewhere else. But I described in the lab you can do classes, you can do businesses, you can do community outreach, you can create infrastructure, you can do play you can do art. What we find is if you segregate those the labs fail.  There are very strong synergies. So the education in the lab can’t be isolated from the rest of the lab. The education is part of the life of the lab, but you need all those other activities going on. If you just call it an educational lab it flounders. A colleague in Detroit is doing really, Blair Evans is doing really interesting work where you hear about the bankrupt economy and he is setting up labs where in the lab a third of the time is traditional economic work, a third is post salary economy it is post [?] exchange, it is things for the community but not denominated in dollars. And a third is enrichment, you growing benefiting the community but not for money.  In the same way there is a Fab city initiative that started in Barcelona where they have a great design sense, but 50% youth unemployment. So there is a group of cities signing up to provide these tools as urban infrastructure to turn consumption into creation. Or we are [?] where the economy is based on not gross domestic product, but gross national happiness.  It doesn’t mean they are happy, but it means you measure well being.

	In each of those cases it is really getting at these very fundamental questions about what is work, what is money?  Instead of jobs for work, for money for income, for consumption, being able to sustainably produce locally.  Connecting all of them is continuous life time learning.  But the learning is not an isolated segregated task, it is part of the integrated life of these labs.

Question	Part of meaningful life, adds meaning?

Answer	Well I mean it goes all the way back to birds creating nests, that is a species, something very deep in us that wants to shape our physical environment. And it is only in the relatively recent era that scrolls out so we become consumers. In a way this is back to the past. But the crucial distinction is you need to be connected globally but fabricate locally.  This rests on not global supply chains to ship finished products, but global supply chains of knowledge to share that enables the ability to sustainably produce locally.

13:40:47	So if you want to see labs, we need to do this quickly.  So walk with me....

	[End of interview]


DIANE LITMAN, COMPUTER SCIENTIST
AI SPECIALIST, UNIVERSITY OF PITTSBURGH, MAY 2019
TC after 04:55
Answer
Female	So my research is in natural language processing which is an area of artificial intelligence. And when I started it was focused on interacting with computers that are called dialogue systems. And now that has become things like Seri and Alexa, but back then it was not so robust.  So I have been working on that ever since my dissertation. And when I started it was more just going around single question answering to being able to conduct multi-term dialogues. And then before I came here I worked at Bell Labs which was an industrial research thing in the United States and worked on sort of application of that technology in telephone systems. Like when you called an operator or customer service and you get one of those systems that everybody always tried to get the human, that sort of thing. And my work there in particular focused on trying to analyse both what you say and how you say it to recognise certain kind of states of frustration by the user so that the system would know the automation wasn’t working and to forward you to a human agent. So how you could do language processing to recognise the states and how you could use machine learning to help automate the design of those systems which was largely manually done.  

05:00:44	And then I moved here in 2001 and started adapting my technical work to the area of human learning because I have an appointment with an institute called The Learning, Research and Development Centre which focuses on human learning all the way from science perspectives to policy level.  So I have been working on applying the dialogue technology to tutoring systems so that people could learn by talking to a computer for example in domains like physics where they could learn how to speak second language or second language teaching using those technologies as a way to practice. 

And more recently I have started returning to some other work I have done more on written analysis. I am working on automatic analysis of student writing from elementary school all the way up to college and doing automatic grading both as an end in itself and as a basis of providing feedback that you could either use in the classroom in the context of sort of facilitating more efficient use of the teacher that they can sort of build on that.  It just helps some large classes to give people something to do and the teacher does not have time to work with everyone at the same time to do more personalised work.  And then going beyond just grading to providing feedback, so helping people learn how to revise and write better arguments and things like that.  

Question
Female	So can you talk a bit more about the stage of your work you mentioned, maybe when you were working at Bell, where you were starting to think about how computers could respond to human voice. You mentioned levels of frustration. Can you talk a bit more about that, like how does that work and how did you have to kind of approach things differently or how did you progress in making and designing that system?

Answer
Female	So at that time the way most people would interact with these dialogue systems was via the telephone.  And so you had access to the speech.  It wasn’t necessarily the highest quality, but you could analyse just the speech signal for example prosodic characteristics and you could measure things like the pitch range so how much their voice properties varied. You could measure how loudly they were talking. You could look at puzzle patterns, how much silence and things like that. And by measuring those and then using some statistical algorithm such as machine learning and having some training data where you have already labelled where people think these states were occurring. You could learn predictive models.  

If you also had a speech recognition system that worked well in that domain then you could get the transcripts. They were noisy but you could get the transcripts and then you could also apply natural language processing to that. So you could either do very simple things with just looking at the lexical items or more sophisticated things like trying to pass or look at higher level aspects at the way people analyse language. And you could do kind of the signal separately or together and then.  That idea is once you develop the models then you can deploy them so as people are speaking you can apply the models and when these states happen, you can change the behaviour of the system to respond to them.   

05:05:29
Question	So in terms of the kind of linguistic, excuse my bad vocabulary, but recognising patterns, identifying, you mentioned various vocabulary. This is all things that humans need to do that students, researchers, professors are doing in order to set up structures which can then be programmed into the computer, that aggregating lots and lots of those models and lots and lots of things that set examples of where speech has had particular results, is what the machine learning can do. What the kind of computing power can do, right?

Answer	Kind of yeah. I mean there are different types of machine learning. So one type is called supervised learning. So you basically need training data with the same input and the target that you are looking for.  And then in the old days, just a few years ago, before [?] net took over. The key aspect of getting the systems to work was what is called feature engineering, for example to take the speech or the text, the transcript and to re-represent that in terms of features that are the output of different kind of programmes, either speech programmes or natural language programmes. And then those would become the input to the machine learning models. And so for them to work you need a lot of data to do that.  

Now there are these new techniques, deep learning and oral nets which learn the re-presentations so you can kind of skip some of that middle phase of doing that feature engineering. Because those methods do require a lot of data and particularly in my field of educational applications, it is very hard to get large amounts of data, do lots of privacy issues and things with student data.  There are other machine learning techniques which really help supervise where you need a little data and that kind of boot straps the process or totally unsupervised they typically have lower performance, but kind of trading them off with the data. 

There is also work called reinforcement learning approaches which is more trial and error. So instead of like having a data set, you basically just try things and then you will get rewards or punished.  And so by just trying things out you can learn over time and we have also used that in some of our dialogue work.  So because you can kind of build a good baseline system, but there are lots of choices maybe that you don’t know the right one. And so that way you can build a system and have it explore the space of possible choices and then maybe it learns. So for example in a tutoring system you could learn. If you had some measure of learning for example, which behaviour from the dial out system, lets students to learn more after they have interacted with the system.   

Question	Right so that was reinforced learning?

Answer	Reinforcement.

Question	Reinforcement. And when you mentioned before, the other kind of learning, machine learning you mentioned?

Answer	That is supervised/semi supervised/unsupervised.

Question
Male	Sorry to interrupt.  They just have to go over all this. I mean requires quite expert knowledge. And I wonder how to break it down in a way which has, kind of starts from the top and kind of slowly leads into more complex stuff. So your work with [?] recommendation was driven by the fact that to achieve efficiency there was automatic responses. Is it a requirement to directly use it to certain stages for example.  To have attention recognised, if they operate and continue to have this automated.  It changes because it increases consumer sensation I suppose and kind of leads to less complaints about.  So effectively recognise emotions through speech patterns. That was the goal wasn’t it?

Answer	Yes

Question	I wonder if you could?

Answer	Well right with the purpose enhancing the dialogue system.

Question	Of enhancing the dialogue so can direct the user to the branch of the tree rather than...

05:11:42
Answer	Right, a different one then if you weren’t tracking that.  

Question	It is also about the different emotions that are identities to humans.  I just wonder if you could tell this in a way, and slowly and starting from the broader goals and then talking about the size of achievement there?

	[Change of interview]
Answer
Female	Okay. Maybe you could prompt me with certain things and to slow me down or something.  

Question
Female	So let’s start out with what needed to be done, the kind of objective.  Tell us about the objective of that in terms of speech recognition for a telephone usage please?

Answer
Female	Okay so back in the day they were kind of hand designed, basically call phones used like some sort of formal representation that you said this and these expected responses happened and you were just kind of traverse that and maybe old enough to remember the old systems where you would like press one and then you would get that and then maybe keep asking for an idea behind like systems, you could go down a very slow dialogue progression that was equivalent to that, but instead of saying press one, you would actually give your answer in language but that you could also skip all those steps and get sort of down to the bottom because language is so much more expressive that you could say what you wanted in one sentence rather than in parts.

	The problem with that was that it was very fixed. And so what we were interested in was how could we track dynamically as the conversation was progressing to see how it was going. And if it wasn’t going as we had hoped we would do things differently. So one way you could do things differently is just give up on the conversation totally and pass them to a human operator. Another way you could do things differently was you could change the behaviour of the dialogue system. So some of the dimensions we looked at were something called initiative, which is how kind of focused the questions are. So you could say ‘How may I help you?’  and that gives a very open ended answer. Or like in a travel kind of scenario you could say, if you were trying to book a flight let’s say. ‘What city do you want to go to?’ ‘What city are you leaving from?’ ‘How much time?’ and you ask things one by one which tends to work. Or at that time tended to work better from a speech recognition perspective because the space of the answers was so restricted, but it took much longer. So you kind of wanted to find the sweet spot of giving the user the most flexibility, but having the technology work. 
05:16:07
	And so we tried to use on speech and language processing to track various properties of other answers to estimate things as the dialogue was progressing. And then when things didn’t seem to be going as expected we would progressively go to these more conservative strategies. So we would ask more focused questions. We would actually confirm everything. So after they said something you could say, did you say this, say yes or no. Or there are different types of ways of confirming. And we tried to learn how to optimise the design of the system from the data we were collecting over time. 

Question	So this was back to the second point, you mentioned the way machine learning has raised up various notches with neural networks that allow certain stages in your programming to be bypassed?

Answer	Well the system, well we all kind of figure out the intermediate recommendations that are the most optimal rather than the system design I happen to think about for example from another speech signal or the transcript, how do we represent that in terms of features which might be predictive of the ultimate state you are an interested so in that dialogue system for example.  If you are trying to predict if the user is getting frustrated or not you would have to originally hand engineer the properties that we think might be predictive of that. 

Question
Male	That is try to I think cause, the difference between getting a set of instructions, long instructions which describe all possible outcomes and then the system has to recommends [?] incorporate the pattern which will be kind of slow and long way of taking it and the newer systems where [??] is lifted?

Answer	I mean they basically have the same input and output so let’s say the input would be the speech file for another, the transcript and the output would be whether the user was frustrated when they said that utterance. With the neural net that is all you would give them those pairs. With the old method you would first take the speech file and represent it in terms of features like you would look at the pitch and then you would look at the mean, max, various properties you would look at. How much silence there was. You would look at the words and other properties and that sort of transfer of the original data into that form which is the output of natural language processing tools has been somewhat eliminated.

05:20:07	

Question
Male	And neural networks did help this process?

Answer	I don’t think I can explain that.

Question	So because that is the important difference when [?] is that neural networks?

Answer	So basically you are trying to learn a predictive model, function that, you have an input, you apply some function and there is an output. And so what that function is that neural methods have different kind of models and also to I guess the input is typically some representation that the human, the pre-neural net that you represent your input in terms of things called features and that is why I was using this term feature engineering. And [??] have got representation learning because they are learning this future representation automatically.

Question
Female	Can we move on to talk about education because as you have told us about your career it seems you move towards education now. Can you tell me a bit about how and why you did that and what you have brought to the field, what the field is like in terms of these models of enhancing education tools like enhancing the work of the teacher?

Answer	Right. So when I moved here the first work I did was in an area called tutorial dialogue systems where the idea was for example we developed a system for teaching qualitative physics where you were taught, the student would solve the physics problem, not involving equations, but more conceptually. And then we would work them through the solution by having a conversation. So the idea was human tutors used that form of teaching. And so we were trying to see that spoken dialogue technology could be applied in that context. And so from the technical perspective it was very similar, but instead of like looking for when customers were getting frustrated, we were interested in looking where the students were getting bored and might not be paying attention or when they were uncertain. 

So not just processing the dialogue with respect to the physics content which would usually help people, you would ask a question you know. What is gravity and they would give an answer. And it was either right or wrong. What we were interested in was more nuanced analysis. So they might give the right answer, but you could tell from their voice that they are very hesitant or they are saying it like a question.  And so we wouldn’t want the tutor to respond exactly the same even though the words were exactly the same. So that was kind of the analogy to the ATNT work. The context was very different and also from a person interested in building dialogue systems, it was a nice twist on the technology because there were so many properties that were different that applying the prior work just directly didn’t really work. So ATNT were interested in very short conversations because they wanted throughput.

And learning you actually would like the students to talk more. And so we wanted to keep them.  And now with interest in chatbots too, people actually want longer conversations that people hadn’t really looked at such long conversations at that time.  
05:25:04

Question
Female	What is the difference between what a chatbot can do and systems you are designing for classroom use can do?

Answer	Most of the earlier work, very early work like systems like Aliza. I don’t know if you are familiar with that. It was a very old, old system. It was obviously just typed and simulated an [?] therapist and it did very simple pattern matching and it was a nice context wrap because that model of dialogue you don’t really need to understand you just kind of repeat. So that was more similar to what chatbots are now, just kind of conversing and maintaining a conversation.  At ATNT and in the education community it is more task orientated and so you have particular goals that you are trying to accomplish as opposed to pure chatbots where the goals are just to talk and some of the modern day variance of the [?] tester also of those kind of chatbots. And then now I think the field has become interested in these hybrid models that for example like the Aliza system is a big challenge to apply for the technology processing to that. And maybe not the most recent one, but one of the winners was developed something called social bot which was the idea of install, could solve users particular tasks, but it also had a bit more of a personality and let them just chat and kind of the approaches for developing, those two extremes have been somewhat different.  

Question
Female	I am just processing. And task based where you need the interface to adjudicate how the task has been done and give feedback on that as opposed to the chatbot where you are kind of just engaging, you are seeking to continue engaging.

	Maybe you are not at this end of things, but do you encounter reactions from the students who try out the models that you are using? Can you say something about how it has impacted on a classroom or on a physics class?  Like anything from what you have heard from the tutors or from the students?

Answer	So a lot of our work was done in the Lab and so we do more kind of feasibility studies. But we have deployed some of our systems in the classroom. They seem to enjoy them and going to partner with us to try them out and they also then give us really sort of feedback. It is very different kind of using your system with experimental subjects as opposed to actually trying to deploy them.  

Question
Female	You obviously work on developing these systems and the aim is then for them to go out and be use to be applied.  I guess I am interested in some examples you could give of where, you were talking about conversations , but can you bring up any examples of conversations or problems that have been tackled in certain ways with this system that you designed in an educational context?

Question
Male	In an educational context. You know you should analyse written assignments. So how does that work?
05:30:00

Female	That is another question, asking two questions at once.

Answer
Female	Right, so the systems that I am currently working on that were actually planning or have used in the classroom. So one of them is for analysing student source based writing. So they are given and this is an upper elementary school level of kids. So they are given a source text to read. So like one of ours is about space exploration. And then they have to write an argumentative essay saying, explain why or not that you believe some claim that the author made. And in particular they need to support their argument by using evidence from that text. So they can’t just use their own personal experience. 

And so what we have developed is a system which is meant to used in over two class periods in English classrooms where in their first period they write their essay and this is something that had previously been done using paper and pencils. So it was felt by colleagues here at the school of education that that approach didn’t scale obviously so they were interested. And could we automate some of this so it could be applied at scale. And so now they type their essay into the computer and then the computer will create with respect to their use of evidence, there are actually five dimensions and we have been focusing on evidence primarily to this point. And we previously used machine learning to learn the model for predicting how well they did that. We had a large corpus of these pencil and paper essays that had been graded.  And so we applied and supervised the learning approach to that that I mentioned earlier. 

And then based on that we actually, there are different kinds of assessments. There are some assessment where you are actually just interested in the final grade. And that was the original use of this assessment. What we were now interested in was formative assessment, how we could teach students to revise and kind of support the process of writing rather than just grade them at the end.

So after we do the scoring we then have, based on the model of why they got that score which is tied to the grading, we knew what they did well and what they did less well. And then we use that to generate feedback. So the second. So after they submit their essay the system analysing it or grades it. We don’t actually show them the grade, we just show them feedback based on why they got the grade even though they don’t actually see the model. So the second time they come back to the class and they see their essay and they see automatically generated feedback from the system and then they get to revise it.  And so we have deployed that over the last year and a half and we are analysing how well our system can help the students improve how they are using their feedback, what the teachers can do with that should they interact with the feedback and go around and kind of amplify it or how they can best use that.  So that is one application we have been doing.  

Another project which we have just started which is not exactly related to the dialogue but it is more related to spoken conversation, is we are interested in supporting teachers in classroom discussion analysis. So we have actually gone into the Pittsburgh area, high school classes, English language, arts, where they are reading a test and they are discussing the test and they kind of have to make arguments about the text and different points and support it with ideas and the classroom does collaborative and we have been going to the classrooms, recording those conversations and right now we are manually transcribing them. But we have developed models then for analysing the classroom discussions in terms of various properties that teachers are interested in.  So for example you know a student’s making claims, when they do make claims or they are supported by evidence when they do have that. Or the claims in evidence supported with explicit reasoning. Or the students building on each other’s ideas or is it just a bunch of separate ideas. And so the prior was focused I guess at just both ends, students and teachers. This one is primarily so far been focused at teachers. How we can take those classrooms, upload it to classroom discussions, do our analysis, upload it to the teacher, upload it to the dashboard kind of system which provides analytics that the teachers can then use to understand what has been going on and use those analyses to guide their future instruction.  

05:36:46	 [Break in sound]

Male	.......very interesting. Feedback from the teachers and based on the feedback, the system modelled it and able to produce new feedbacks, right? So actually we have discovered in this example, is this meant to have existing learning?

Answer
Female	It wasn’t the model for providing the feedback and grading, it was learn via machine learning using the [?] that the teachers used. And what distinguishes our approach from other people is the fact we are trying to have them model be very tied to the rubric.  So you can actually do just as well on the grading by kind of ignoring how the teachers grade. You just have the essay and the grades and for example those neural nets for example. And they can’t tell you why, but because they are not connected to the rubric you cannot generate feedback to that.  So it depends what you are interested in.  

Question
Female	It would be interesting to talk in a moment about one of the things you find most exciting about the work that you do and the kind of what you do to design the systems and applying them.  And how well prepared you were for that to conduct that research.  How you were kind of the learning journey progressed, what subjects you started with that the school then majored in and then, like it is the whole field has changed so much hasn’t it?  It is interesting to think what does someone need to be studying now to do the kind of work that you are doing, to look forward to doing the kind of work you are doing? So can we talk about that a bit please?

05:40:00	[New interview]
Answer
Female	I don’t feel this has got in any of the questions that you kind of sent me in advance.

Question	They were very general questions. I mean if you feel like, if something occurred to you when you read the questions that you wouldn’t say.

Question
Male	Sorry to interest, this is something like. Quite important in this sort of broad area we are trying to cover is the fact that the system is learning something. It is not acting on instructions because actually doing something which can be described as learning. I am trying to get to the bottom of the question, how does it exactly in your networks work and what exactly is happening?

Answer
Female	You would be better off asking someone, that is not really my specific area. I am more of a user rather than developer of these technologies.  

Question
Male	I feel there is something there?

Answer
Female	But the system, even though it is learning. I guess it depends whether you keep learning or I mean my work gets more, it is learning I guess what we implement rather than us defining it.  But once we have learnt it, it typically stays fixed. It is not like continually learning. That is something different approach that one could do. It is just evolving continuously. 

Question
Male	Because you can imagine this as kind of artificial tutor?

Answer
Female	Right. In our work we are not, we are kind of manually. Every time we wanted it to learn, we will give it new data, but yes you could have one that is kind of more implicit in the algorithm 

Question
Female	Okay.  Let’s talk about your learning journey. What you studied. What was it you spoke and how things have changed maybe in the landscape of education and learning how to do this kind of?

Answer
Female	So when I was an undergraduate, computer science was just itself becoming available as a major, so I was originally a maths major and then actually when I was a [?] junior, computer science split from the maths department and became a major. So I became a double major. And then when I went to Grad School I particularly went to a place that focused on artificial intelligence, not that many places did that at the time. So my trainee was in artificial intelligence. But yes the field has changed drastically since when I got started.

So when I was originally in the field the technology was very much based on for example first order logic and was very symbolic and then as data started becoming more widely available and in an online manner for example, particularly when the web took off. And then the field very much changed and became much more statistically oriented and so for example, machine learning kind of took over as a paradigm then. We would develop our models and then now just in the last few years, with neural networks, just because they perform typically very much. Their performance is much higher typically than some of the other methods that has been like another big paradigm shift. So the way artificial intelligence was from when I started and natural language processing particularly, all changed quite a lot. And for me because I work in these educational applications, having access to a inter disciplinary institute has been really important for my work because I did not have training and kind of educational things when I was an undergraduate. So I work with many college from our school with education in together. It is really rewarding to be able to sort of bring our expertise together.  

05:46:54
Question
Female	What would you. I am interested I suppose in going even younger and thinking, what are the kind of minds. That sounds rather kind of purest doesn’t it. But what kind of things are that kids who would go onto do science like you do, to work with well now kind of neural networks and programming. And sort of what would they be interested in right now? What would an 8 year old like doing now? Do you think you can say what kind of person is drawn to?

Answer
Female	I still think people who like maths, kids who like programming you know. A lot of kids that I knew, I got into it through robotics and things like the Lego, mind storm system and robotics competitions. 

Question
Female	Right, so learning how to programme, whether it is programming physical things or software?

Answer
Female	Right and I mean computer science, literacy, at least in the US they are really a lot of push at the funding agencies for research and computing at the K through 12 and integrating outward stem. And things like that.

Question
Female	How important do you think it is for someone who is not going to be a computer scientist like me, or someone who is in the classroom to kind of understand what is happening when they are interacting?

Answer
Female	I think it is very important so just as we used to have just kind of cute computer literacy which meant something. Different back then I think understanding what machine learning is. Understanding there is, I used to teach social implications of computing and I think that is a really, another important aspect that people who aren’t technical. And also technical people actually understand the implications. And particularly for these more statistical methods because they are learning from data. And if the data is biased which unfortunately it often is then the models will reflect those biases that kind of understand the limitations. And that is actually a very active research area now in artificial intelligences, fairness and algorithms and trying to develop methods that can kind of debias kind of the results when one knows that the data is inherently biased to begin with. 

Question
Male	Can you give us one example of bias set of data?

Answer
Female	Right. Well you can tell me if this becomes way too technical.  So there is this method in natural English processing called Word Embedding. So it tries to embed words into semantic space and then words that mean the same thing or will show up close to each other in this factor space.  And so some of the findings that they found are that for example the relationship between King and male and Queen and female, you can kind of see the analogy. But then they also find results such as male will be close to doctor and female will be close to home maker which you don’t want.  And so once you recognise it because the data reflects our societal biases then it sort of imposing that on the meaning. Are there ways that you can sort of disentangle words that are inherently involved gender such as King and Queen from these other things which are these patterns which don’t necessarily have to be like that. So there has been work for example to take these algorithms that originally produce those and are now the basis of a lot of different NRP technologies. And kind of fixed thumbs so that you still keep the King and male and female and Queen, but you lose the homemaker female being closer in that space.  

05:51:20

Question
Female	Great. Okay shall we quickly.  Look over my questions.  I feel like I have come at it from such an ignorant place, but let me throw them out there.  Well I guess one of the questions was how young people can be equipped to manage the tool of AI and machine learning which you already referred to a bit. So anything else, you taught the social implications of computing. Is there anything else from there you can tell us about in terms of things to be aware of if you are a child going forward into a world that is increasingly offering you interfaces that are non human?

Answer
Female	Yes I guess maybe in terms of being able to evaluate. So I guess that is a big question when you are talking to a system should you know it is a system.  

Question	Should you?

Answer
Female	I don’t know that is a big ethical question.  

Question
Female	At the moment we should right?  Like we do or maybe.

Answer
Female	I think most people do, but it is not always clear and as the systems become better you know should people know. And if they are not being told they should, can they be equipped that somehow they can kind of quiz to sort of figure it out.  

Question
Male	Do you think it is, how would you resolve this ethical question? Do you think there should be a disclaimer in the websites and in the future, I mean when the system is advanced you can imagine people might feel they are talking to a human being. Do you think it is a sensible thing to have a legal obligation to have a disclaimer, you are now interacting with a machine?

Answer
Female	I am not sure I have my own opinion at the moment, but I do think it is something, an issue that people should be aware of as the systems become better and better. Whether you know they should be informed about that.

Question
Female	Is there a difference between learning and education?  Quite a big question. But what is your initial reaction to it?  You tell me.

Answer
Female	Well formal education is a context in which learning occurs, but there are also many other contexts in which learning occurs. So for example funding agents like the National Science Foundation has a division which focuses also on informal learning. So that wouldn’t be in the context of the school, but you know they might fund people to perhaps sign into playgrounds or other out of school contacts.  And recently there has been a big push for the future workplace. And so learning again outside of the school system but in the context of employment and particularly skills that maybe you are not teaching a particular domain that kind of more higher level skills that would be useful for being able to be more flexible and switching jobs as things become increasingly automated. So I think people who are studying learning or definitely looking at it from many more contexts than K through 12, or university education.

05:56:16
Question
Female	Would you be like. The formal education that we associate right. So could you just say maybe another couple of sentences on that thing around, well I understood it as transferable skills. Skills that enable you to be flexible and do the work, for what kind of job you are doing, is that what you meant?

Answer
Female	Right, for example being able to you know be a critical thinker, to be able to participate in other kind of more skills that are important in any domain. Or even to be able to learn about new things.

Question
Female	So to be kind of receptive or open when you say learn about new things?

Answer
Female	Or even, there is sort of that old standard of liberal arts education, just makes intelligent people who, they might not learn about a particular skill that is going to get them a job.  That they have, needs more abstract skills that would make them very employable in lots of areas because they have this sort of scale reasoning and valuate of skills.

Question
Female	Great. Thank you. Okay. Do you feel there is anything that crossed your mind yesterday when you read my questions that we have completely disregarded here?

Answer
Female	Maybe machine learning versus human learning.  

Female	Yes say something about that please.

Answer
Female	So they don’t necessarily have to be aligned. So you know for many years people have studied human learning without, before machine learning as a field was invented.  And similarly much of the work in machine learning you know totally ignores what is in human learning. That is not necessarily the goal.  But there are people interested in sort of that intersection that what we know about human learning perhaps would provide interesting design methods for algorithms or things that work well with machine learning. Algorithms perhaps they would be useful things to try out in classrooms. So they don’t necessarily have to be coupled, but coupling them is an interesting research direction and can inform I think the relationship in either direction. 

Question
Male	And that is what you are actually doing, applying metrics of machine learning to human learning to support it?

Answer
Female	I wouldn’t say that would describe what I am doing.  Applying machine learning methods to learn models that can do the same kind of things, but I don’t think we are trying to mimic human learning. 
	
Question
Female	Right, you are just gathering models from examples for example in that classroom situation, examples of how learning is being externalised for discussions that are going on and feeding them into the system to make it within that narrow space. When are you making a good argument, when are you using evidence?
06:00:32

Answer
Female	Maybe the only work that I have done that would be slightly like that. At one point we were developing methods to simulate human learners because again for many of these machine learning methods you need large amounts of data. So particularly in the reinforcement learning paradigm where you need trial and error, one trial and error, one paradigm is to create artificial users of the system to generate this data that you can try.  And so to create an artificial student in the context of the two [?] system, we wanted it to exhibit some behaviours that human learners would do. So typically learning follows certain kind of mathematical functions and the way people forget and make errors. You can kind of plot them with respect to what is not about human learning. So we did try to incorporate that into our simulation model.

Question
Female	Great. Do you think we are done with talking?

Question
Male	I didn’t ask this question, what do you think learning is?

Answer
Female	I don’t think I have a good answer. That is maybe too big a question.



CYNTHIA GOLDEN AND SERAPHIM THORNTON
Centre for teaching and Learning, University of Pittsburgh, Hillman Library May 2019
07:05:15	[New interview]

Female	I am a little trained in being in front of a camera so my instinct is to go – and now we are going to talk about DNA [laughing]
	
	So virtual reality is a really interesting emerging technology that basically allows the user to be immersed in the situation.

	[Interrupt]

	So virtual reality is a really interesting emerging technology where the user can really be immersed in the situation you would like them to experience. There are a couple of different kinds of virtual reality today.  One on one end of the spectrum is 360 degree video where you put your camera when you are making the video that you want your users to experience. You put your camera in the middle of a room and, or in the middle of a scene or wherever you feel like your shot is really best organised. And then the camera takes video all around the camera. So the camera can see straight up, it can see straight down, it can see behind itself. And so when the user is experiencing that video, the user can’t decide where to move, the user is only where the camera is from the shot.  But they can decide where to look.

	And so it is a really interesting perspective because it is not like traditional film making where you can decide where your user or your viewer is going to look, how they experience the story. Rather you are putting them in a situation and allowing them to decide how the story is going to unfold for them. And every time that user goes through the experience, they can decide to look at a different thing. For example we have someone interested in using 360 degree video in a surgical operating room. And they want to put a camera in there so that they can have one video that is recording the whole surgery, but different people who are being trained for different roles can watch the different people with the different roles as they move around the room.  

	Or maybe they are being trained in all of the roles or how to have the team work together as a functional unit. And they can watch all the different people in different run through of this video.  

	On the other end of virtual reality you have things like the oculist rift which is a piece of technology that allows you to experience a, it is usually somewhere in the realm of a video but also a simulation where not only can you look all around you as the user, but you can also decide to move around in this space. So if I am standing here and there is a column over here I can go and I can look behind that column, that is something I can’t do in 360 degree video.  

	And also in many virtual reality experiences, depending on how they have been programmed you can interact with your environment. So for example you can fly around a city like an eagle or you can solve a puzzle in order to get out of a car before it explodes.  Or you can raise a car and you can actually effect your environment based on what you are doing inside it.

	And so it has a lot of promise in terms of educational benefits.  The research is really just getting started, but there is a lot of it out there already. One piece that I found particularly interesting is that if you put a user inside a virtual environment and ask them to memorise things about that environment, possibly things that you have planted in that environment like words or pictures or phrases. They are better at memorising and retaining those things that you have asked them to memorise in that environment, in virtual reality than they are if you just show them this scene on a computer screen. So they don’t feel like they are in it.  And a lot better than if you just like put a list on a piece of paper.

07:10:48
	So it is something about the body and the brain really being tricked into feeling like they are there because our brains evolved to learn about our environment. We didn’t evolve to learn about this on pieces of paper. And so the closer you can get what you want someone to retain, to being part of what their brain perceives as their environment, the better for retention. 

	[laughing] 

Question
Female 	Shall we move onto doing some?
	
Answer
Female	Interested in actually doing that?  That is not worrisome to them.  It would be worrisome to them sometimes to just try to improve what they are already doing. They are willing to try something new. But by trying something new with them we are able to introduce these principles that then they go back to their normal classroom and they say ‘you know what, I could actually apply this thing that I learned in my regular classroom as well’ and that is really how I have seen people’s interests in improving their learning in an evidenced based manner really grow by leaps and bounds. 

Female	That’s true, that is a well documented phenomena with online learning. So when you work with somebody to develop an online course,  what often happens is that face to face course benefits from kind of the overall look that they took.

Female	Well I think that in terms of learning from doing experiential learning, the research shows that the outcomes, that students learn better when they are experiencing something. And when they can put their hands on it and when they can do something. And so that principle or that idea is something that we really try to encourage with our faculty and we are seeing more adoption of those kinds of approaches. In fact we have a couple, we have many projects going on right now that are focused on improving courses that have large numbers of students involved in them. How can we make those student learning experiences better?  How can we use the research, how can we apply the research to the teaching and learning experience. And I think that over the last ten years we have seen a greater interest on the part of faculty in doing that.  

	You know people don’t really generally want to sit in a class and be spoken to all the time. And faculty obviously want to make the students learning experiences as good as they can be.

Question
Female	And do you think the students come in from school open to this idea or ready, prepared and used to learning experiential learning or do you find that is a change?

Answer
Female	Maybe we should ask some students that question. But I think that it much depends on the secondary school education experience that they have had. You know some students come from places where their learning experience is very traditional. And for others it is much more you know group project based, hands on experiences. And so I think that that again has been changing even on the secondary school level.
07:15:27
Question
Female	And can you speak a little bit maybe both of you on reference through to about maybe what Sarah is coming to do and what that entails?  I mean you told us a little already about that?

Answer
Cynthia	Well Sarah works in our educational technology team. And so the lines between her pure expertise in pedagogy and expertise in technology have really blurred over the years. And so what we do in the centre is not encourage the adoption of technology for technology’s sake. Just because we have something new and cool doesn’t mean that it is necessarily the best solution. We need to have people who understand the pedagogy to help the faculty apply the technology and use it most effectively.  And that is where Sarah and her colleagues come in. 

Sarah[?]	So I spend most of my time working with the open lab and we are a team at the teaching centre who work with emerging technology. So right now we are working with virtual reality and with 3D printing and final cutting and 360 degree video. All things of this nature and we are always on the lookout for the next emerging technology that might have pedagogical implications. And we do what Cynthia just said, we help professors use these technologies when they want to incorporate them into their teaching in a pedagogically effective manner. 

	In addition we really want the whole [?] community to have access to these emerging technologies so that they can learn by experiencing the technologies themselves. And actually being able to make things because a lot of the technologies we have allow people actually to make physical objects or digital objects.  It is something that a lot of people aren’t familiar with or comfortable with.  They know how to write papers probably, but making a physical object might be a little out of their comfort zone.  And putting that into their comfort zone actually opens up the opportunities for them to explore many different pathways where they could invent something and make a prototype on their own and take them that much further down the process without having to bring in outside expertise which may be prohibitive.

Question
Female	Cynthia can you tell us what is your understanding of the learning? What is the learning?  And start with a full sentence please, I am sure you will.

Answer
Cynthia	What is learning?  I need to think about this, what I want to respond.  I mean learning is the process of acquiring new knowledge. So people learn in different ways and I think that what we try to do is facilitate student learning here at [?] by helping teachers.  

Question
Female	And like the relationship between learning and education? I mean it sounds silly when I say it like that?

Answer
Cynthia	I know I saw that in your questions earlier and I think that we are going to be. Well I am going to change the way I want to say that. I think we all have to be lifelong learners and so as part of our education we are learning constantly. And one of the things, one of the skills that we can develop is how to learn effectively and how you know how to ask the right questions and how to, as Sarah was saying earlier, to not be afraid to try things. I think that is all part of your education.  
07:20:12
Question
Female	And so you were implying there as well like in a way if you get in education, it is going to teach you how to learn, is that right?

Answer
Cynthia	Yeah I do. There is a book. What’s it called?  How learning works. And I don’t know if you have seen that. It is written by some of our friends, Karnigi Melon. And they spent a lot of time sort of unpacking that whole idea of how learning works. And it might be useful to you in this project too. And there is also a [?] that Barbara Oakley from, I think from Oakland University in Michigan, has a [?] and another learning community called Learning to Learn. And that might also have some good resources for you in this. 

Question
Female	Useful, great, thank you.

Answer
Sarah[?]	It is interesting because I didn’t realise until probably graduate school. I didn’t do graduate school in Pedagogy or learning education, anything like that. I did grad school in biology. And I learned in grad school that people study how we best learn as humans. And I didn’t realise, it never occurred to me that that was something we did research on before I reached that level. And it was a revelation in so many different ways. It was a ‘oh wow this is something that I could use in teaching’ And a ‘oh wow why didn’t anyone ever tell me this before when I was trying to learn things’ because this is such a useful compendium of knowledge, this is how our brains work and we should be catering to that instead of trying to fight the way our brains work to learn. 

Answer
Cynthia	You know, I took a course in graduate school called the psychology of information seeking behaviour and that did it for me too, very similarly. It helped you understand why people are looking for the kind of information they are looking for, what they are trying to gain from that and a little bit about the psychology, I don’t know. Interesting.  

Question
Female	I guess part of what we are looking at is, universal things we can understand about how we learn that aren’t just, I mean in your case you are [?] with undergrads, well tutors and adults.   You know what I mean.  But also children, like are there some principles that especially when it comes to the kind of work you are doing here which is allowing hands to do work and learn. I am just wondering if there was something you could say about that, that you can learn through trying out these projects and through facilitating this kind of hands on learning?

Answer
Sarah	We don’t do too much K12 work as we are a function of the university. There are definitely developmental stage differences that absolutely need to be taken into account for example if you are teaching a first grade class. Something you can’t try to teach them something that their brains haven’t developed to the point where they can do that yet. Because it is just an exercise in frustration for everyone involved.  

Question
Female 	So if I understand it, the developmental level of your learners is? 

Male	I don’t suppose the question [too quiet to hear......] discipline on how to learn best. Can you answer the question, what do we know about the way training functions, are there any lessons from cognitive science [too quiet to hear.......]
07:25:22
Answer 
Sarah	Do you have about seven years? [laughing]

Male	About five minutes!

Answer
Sarah	One of my parts of cognitive science is that we learn better when visuals are included and not just words. And this is basically universal in terms of all different subjects and all different sorts of people in different walks of life. If you combine visuals in with your words you understand better, you learn better, you retain better. And this is something that takes a lot of effort to do because it not only is a picture of worth 1,000 words. But a picture takes a 1,000 times the length of writing the words that would otherwise describe that thing.  And it becomes even more complicated if you make that picture move. So for example if you have an animation or you create a video like this one, and so a lot of people don’t take advantage of this fact because it takes so much effort to make good visuals. Because if you make bad visuals they are not going to contribute to learning, you have to actually do it right.  

There is a lot known about how to make visuals that aren’t good for learning, for example, [?] principles are like the basics that I try to start everyone out with. Professor Mayer works for the University of California and he has done a lot of research over the years, over the course of his career into what makes good visuals, what makes good video, what makes good multi-media for learning. And also incorporated other people research and kind of distilled it down to approximately 12 principles. And some of the things are very intuitive like you know we learn. Well the first principle is we learn better when you combine images with your words and that is multi-media.  And some of them are things like we learn better from a human voice than we do from a robotic voice. We learn better from someone who is talking very personally as opposed to someone who is talking very formally. You know use contractions, be enthusiastic, be personal. Don’t just try to make everything sound very formal and professional and stilted as many people have the thought that they should do.

And so if you go into all of this evidence based knowledge that we have and put that together and actually make multi-media that is something that really has been shown to make learning a lot more effective.  

	It is a part of our job here is to help faculty learn about that so that they can incorporate those kind of approaches into their teaching.  
 
Cynthia[?]	When you have an emotional response you are more likely to remember it and retain that information. And negative responses are more retainable than positive reactions.  So there is a correlation study done that had kids take an exam and the kids that failed were more likely to remember the questions that they had failed on a retake than the kids that passed the exam.  And so how that could be incorporated into learning, especially with VR is VR creates a much more responses and as such you are more likely to retain everything that you learn in VR because of the emotional response that you have and also the use of a bunch of different senses which can help retain information.
07:30:34	Because you have so much more input than you did with just one sense.
	
[End of interview]


NICK NYSTROM, PITT SUPER COMPUTER
University of Pittsburgh, May 2019
TC: 7:30:34 or a little after

Male	A super computer is a just in for processing numbers and data. By most definitions it is at least two orders of magnitude of one hundred times more capable than the systems people otherwise have access to.  So if most individuals have a very nice PC or workstation, a super computer would be something at least a hundred times stronger than that. And what that lets you do is it lets you do something that is not just one hundred times faster or one hundred times what you would get if you put one hundred different computers together. But it lets you solve problems that otherwise are inaccessible and really can being the barrier to things that otherwise we have to wait say five or ten years to do. Instead you can do them right now. And that’s its real value. It lets you do things now instead of waiting for technology to advance. 

Question
Female	And when we talk about machine learning, can you only do machine learning. Can you talk about that?

Answer
Male	So the concept of machine learning and supercomputing is really interesting. Here at the Pittsburgh [??] centre we pioneered the convergence of bringing together machine learning and supercomputing where high performance computing it is currently called, with a system called Bridges.   

Most machine learning right now is done on desktops and laptops using something called server processing units. Those together with big data are what allowed machine learning to become so important as it is today. What we have here in Pittsburgh is a system that really let’s people scale that up. And so if people want to do machine learning, not just on a small collection of images from the internet or a section of voice recordings, but they want to do it on a [?] scale genome atlas.  That is what you do on a super computer when you bring machine learning to it. And to make that possible we have not only hundreds of GPUs or graphics process units together, we also have other general purpose processers for doing all the data pre-processing, data explaining in preparation. And the facilities for getting at many petabytes of data very efficiently.  And those are things that you can’t do on a desktop because on a desktop you have terabytes not petabytes which is thousands of times larger.   

Question
Female	Right. Can you talk us through a likely sample exercise.  What do I mean?  Like exercise. If someone CMU or Pitt has a particular thing they want to do and huge data set they want to extract something from. 

Sample projects
How do they do it and at what point do they take it or send it over to the computers themselves?  What is the process there?

Answer
Male	The workflow for dealing with very large data. We serve researchers across the country and across the world. We have about 1,900 projects running right now. And about 15,000 users.  The typical workflow though is that people have big data and that can come from different sources. It can come from say genome sequencers, it can come from the internet, from other scientific experiments or from socioeconomic data. 
07:35:13
Typically they realise they have a bottleneck and they bring it here. An example of this was a researcher at the University of Pittsburgh working in Slavic languages and literatures.  This was not a field that typically used supercomputing and when we built our new system bridges we talked to him and he is tracing the flow of information through Europe in the dark ages.  And you can do that by looking at these documents called Slavic miscellany which are prayer books, stories, histories and they were hand written by Monks. And so as a story moves and is retold, it accumulates changes. And you can use that almost like looking at the way gene evolves to look at its linage. When the researcher first talked to me he said he was doing about fifty, working with fifty of these works. And I said it seems small, why only fifty?  And he said that is what fits on my laptop. And we talked for a few minutes and then I asked him, how many of them are there really? And he said there were about 500,000.  He will never get to those in his lifetime. 

So we talked and I explained to him what a supercomputer can do and how it works. And about three minutes later you could just see the light bulb turn on and he realised he could do it all right now. And so the way people work with this is they have data, they move it to us by a variety of ways. It can be over the internet. Most people just do that and it is fine. We have received large brain electro microscopy images from Harvard, get about three terabytes a day. We have had other people bring briefcases full of hard drives because from their lab they don’t have a good network. And that works for them. We have a project called the Brain Image Library which is [?] an national institutes of health. For that we deal with many labs that don’t have good networks. So we have developed a portable storage solution called the Brain Ball because it is roughly [?].  and we just FedEx it to them. They fill it with data and we bring it back. 

Question
Female	What does that look like?

Answer

Brain balls
Male	It looks like a cube with a handle. And in that cube are a set of high capacity hard drives and they and write that reasonably quickly at their lab and it beats trying to get data across some parts of the ocean where there are not good networks.  

Question
Female	Amazing. So you just send them the Brain Ball and they fill it up?

Answer
Male	Exactly and if we have to repeat we repeat.

Question
Female	So bounce the Brain Ball back and forth?

Answer
Male	Exactly. So they get the data here. They often have to do various pre-processing on the data to get it formed as more computable. And that is where all the general purpose nodes in the supercomputer come into play.  There are two images that are worthwhile. One is what you will see in the machine room which is a supercomputer. That doesn’t tell you what’s in it. Another one is one I can show you on either online or on a screen that is also visual of the complexity, there is a lot going on. 

	The general purpose nodes are to let people do the pre-processing. That can actually be laborious. There is a common [?] and data science and 90% data science is actually just completing the data, it is not the exciting fun part of analysing it.  And so we try and make that much smaller by having a large scale computer and a lot of resources. We also have people who can help them with this. 

07:40:08	And then comes the actual machine learning.  A lot of that now is usually what is called deep learning.  Deep learning is a technique that really took off around 2012 as a result of an image processing competition which it was first really applied using graphics processing which is for GPUs. And at that time it catapulted the accuracy from what had been a very level rate of 70 some percent and increasing only by half a percent per year. Because some increased accuracy to more like 90%. And so that represents 40 years of human progress based on previous curve. And since then has been greatly refined. And so we are finding that has tremendous use across many fields. We are working in projects with immunology, with the human body at cellular resolution.  People are doing a lot with speech translation. A tremendous amount of medical imaging with digital pathology for example. Being able to characterise whether microscopic images are cancerous or not or represent other disease.  

Question
Male	Can you give an example which is easy to imagine like how you feed the computer with image and somehow magically ...[laughing]  

Deep learning comes from graphics processing
3D brain imaging
Answer
Male	One of the fields I think has tremendous promise is really analysing three dimensional data. And this is different to what you see in a lot of the news. A lot of the news is about recognising cats or generating synthetic people for ads.  3D data is a lot more complicated and it is not fully explored because it is of less media commercial value to those who are developing these systems that academically is of huge value.  

	And so one place where we see great opportunity is imagine you want to trace the way the neurons are connected in the brain. You would like to give a data set that is all of the slices in three dimensions at very high resolution where you can see individual neurons and what you would like to come out of that is identification of what tissues are in those images and then connect them in three dimensions to give you the map of how the neurons are connected. This would tell us a tremendous amount about how the cortex is built. How we differ from other mammals and other organisms and can help us get out the hierarchy of the brain and ultimately that comes down to learning.  Because in neural networks today those are relatively monolithic, relatively uniform. The brain is more hierarchical and there may be emerging behaviour that comes from that hierarchy to understanding how the cortex works, would be a great application of these methods. And the reason they are needed is the standard technique today is graduate students sitting in front of a monitor clicking on each neuron one by one and manually identifying them and then it is manually build in new 3D structure. And that just doesn’t scale.  The Brain Image Library we are assembling here will have 10 pedabytes of data to start. So 10 pedabytes think 2,000 laptops.  And that is just the beginning.  Those are not human brains, those are small animal brains.  

07:45:13
Question
Female	That is a great example, that works great for us. But from what you were saying there, it almost felt like maybe this isn’t what you were going to say, but enabling in that sort of processing power that could be enabled by 3D apprehension as well as the 2D and understanding the hierarchy of the human brain, is that also going to possibly precipitate another kind of powered ownership like the deep learning one where you figure out how you can apply that to machine learning as well? Did I misunderstand you?

Answer
Male	No that is a very good question.  So right now what we call deep learning is modelled after the technology was developed many decades ago. It is only recently we had enough data, enough computer power to scale it up and make it do these amazing things. It is still simple.  And as we learn more about the brain and as we develop more 
Brain advantage over processing unit

new technologies to put those into hardware, I expect that we will have more sophisticated networks that will have additional degrees of hierarchies.  And that will let us, that will let us build machine learning systems that are more capable of understanding complex questions.  

	What we can do right now, machine learning systems are very good at specific tasks. They can classify images. They can do the different individual tasks that you need to operate in the [?] vehicle.  They can translate one line [?] to another.  But they are not so good at saying, it is solving a general problem if we had positives and any reasoning.  And those require the assembly of many different concepts.  That is where I think the hierarchy will become more important.

	There are also issues that people are exploring around power consumption.  So right now GPUs are fantastic, they are very powerful, they do what they do very well. They also consume a lot of power.  Our brain is about 20 watts. Modern GPUs are 300 watts or more and they do only a tiny fraction of what our brain does. And so why is this?  Part of this is from the hierarchy. Part of it is from the richness of the connections right now between two are official neurons.  There is a [?] weight and the weight represents the strength of their connection.  Between neurons and our brains, there are many different protein pathways and there are more like 20 or more reactions that are occurring between them to mediate those connections.  Adopting that richness could be valuable, we don’t know that is to be explored.

	The other thing is our brains do what is called spiking. Neurons do not [?] all once. These algorithms, everything runs at the same time. Our brains neurons are activated based on the voltage spike and they activate the next neurons in the chain.  That has been developed in what is called neuro morphic processing.  That is in its infancy. It will require new algorithms. There is new hardware being developed by a number of companies and research groups and we will see where that goes. And then there is also a lot of promise for doing certain kinds of machine learning with quantum computing.  That is I think further out because it is depending on several different technologies all moving ahead. But there is a lot of potential that is yet unexplored. And what we are seeing now is very promising, but it is also the tip of the iceberg.  
07:50:14
Question
Female	Okay. Shall we talk now about bring it more towards education, towards well I am going to say children, but it doesn’t have to be children. I mean you know some people go, we think machine learning is all about that but it can’t even do what a toddler [coughing....] 

Question
Male	Just to finish off this scenario.  You mentioned [too quiet to hear......] 

GPU advantage over brain
Looking in different search space
Answer
Male	Sure.  I think if artificial intelligence has techniques that help computers learn from data. They can be given data without any real context. They can deal with what is called representation learning which means they can on their own discern what is important and answer what you need to look at to be able to do inference or predication. What we have built here is a system that really enables that at a very large scale. 

One of the keys to this, I have mentioned data, it really is about that because humans, we learn by examples.  Toddlers and infants learn language by listening to the people around them. We all know the best way to learn language is emersion.  The same is true of these artificial intelligence systems. They need a lot of examples to learn from them.  There are different ways that happens, it is called supervise, around supervised learning.  And having that data is a key so we host what we call community data sets which really are designed to foster this sort of research and especially to help people bring together disparate types of data. Say data around sociology, economics, geography and genomics.  People are using these techniques to understand how species are changing as a result of climate change.  What species are moving, where they are migrating. What species are actually evolving and changing. What geogenum is in response to the changing habitat.

And being able to do that from the data is key. One thing that we have learned is that humans from our visual intelligence, is our intuition isn’t always right.  A good example of that was the competition in the Game Go, several years ago where Alpha Gobe played moved that really surprised human experts.  The human experts first thought the moves were just playing wrong but it turned out to be brilliant and something that people had not thought of in the several thousands of years that we have been Go.  And that says something, it says it is looking at other parts of the search space than we look. And that is very important when it comes to science. Because in science you want to be able to understand what does the data tell you, not what do you think you are looking for based on your biases.  So there is a lot to be said for that. 

We had another competition here in Pittsburgh and that one was around reasoning when you have imperfect information. And that is really exciting because that is what the real world is.  Go in chess are easy. You know what the board is you know where all the pieces are, you know everything there is to know about the game.  The situation where you don’t know that is Poker. Because you don’t know the opponents hand and you don’t know their strategy. They bet, they bluff, the lie, they change their strategy, they do all sorts of things that people do.  And the same things happen in economics, in security, in 

Computer needed long time to learn poker
negotiation and even in our bodies, the way our bodies react to therapies, they adapt. 
07:55:28	And so the algorithms you would develop for a test case like poker can be extended to these other domains that actually have more importance.  And what we have found in this system, primarily in Pittsburgh now a long time ago, 2017, it was the first to defeat the world’s top poker professionals. And it did that by using bridges and the keys there were a lot of computing around 19 million computing hours.  And it generated a lot of data in its knowledge base, about 2.6 pedabytes of data.  And that is profound and it learned over the course of the competition at the beginning the humans were winning. The real world human betting was 3:1 in favour of the humans at the start of this competition. After the first few days the A1 had reached equality with them. And after seven or so days then they were just winning constantly.  And it had not been taught to be play poker, it had only been taught the rules. It was never taught what is a good strategy, it was never given examples in this case of good players.  It generated those samples by itself.  And prior to the competition and not playing any humans.  So that to me is a real A1.  Because it has learned on its own and it improved during the course of its lifetime. It continued to improve.  

Question
Female	So it was kind of week long?

Answer	20 days.

Question
Female	20 days and so when you say how many billion, 1.9 billion competing us?

Answer	19 million.

Question
Female	Oh gosh, sorry.  19 million, they were obviously condensed because there are so many processes going on?

Answer	Well exactly. Great. So the 19 million compute hours used, were spread over several weeks of preliminary work as the system trained itself, as it learned from the rules of the game. And then the 20 days competition. During the 20 days it used 900 what we call nodes. Each node is two CPUs.  Each CPU has 14 cores and so at a given point it was running about 14,000 cores. Multiply that hours, it comes to 19 million hours. And what made this possible and why it needed a super computer was this was playing in real time against humans that normally play on line on the internet because that is where they make amazing lots of money.  

	
Application for school learning

And for that competition it was using 50 nodes per hand that were being played and it was playing eight hands simultaneously. The key though was these nodes are connected by very high performance network unlike you would find in a research lab or normal commercial clouds.  You know high performance network was needed to have it running that fast.  You cross 15 nodes running as one big computer.  

Question
Female	Great, thank you.  Did that do everything you need?

Male	Yeah I think we can change the title over the phone what can we learn from poker [laughing]

08:00:03

Answer
Male	It all makes sense then that the research we had that poker bot So two companies around and they are doing very well. One is a commercials based one in the defence space. 

	But let’s come back to education.  So with education, I think this has a tremendous potential. Here are Carnegie [?] we have had researchers who have developed systems for doing what we call adaptive education for responding to individual students giving them the necessary guidance, hints that they need to learn at their own pace, recognising the mistakes they are making or where they are strong.  Accelerating or slowing down the digital modules.  And that is done very well.  That was specifically around maths and algebra for middle and high school I believe. And so that is great. It is a narrow field though. And what one would like to do is bring that to everyone. 

By having the confluence of high performance computing and A1, one has the potential to run these educational systems and these can be running on lightweight devices like phones and tablets and deployed very economically to anyone that needs them wherever they are and let those adapt. They can be delivered in the language that the students are speaking. And these students can be children, they can be adults, it doesn’t  matter.  And I think the real promise is being able to do the adaptive education where the system not only learns from the cassette it was developed with, but then goes on to learn from the local community and realises where additional strength is needed, where it can focus more. 

Question
Female	Well I think that one more question I have is more specifically about skills people need to.  The people who actually work at the super computer and help out whenever a [?] comes and needs to clean their data.  Are they computer science people or have different backgrounds 
Skills gap between users and those preparing data for computer

like what do you need to understand and know and be passionate about to do this job?

Answer
Male	The skills needed to deploy machine learning and to put into practice are changing so fast right now.  In the past few years we have heard the evolution titles from computer scientists to data scientists or data engineer and that is changing very rapidly. The skill sets are changing quite a bit too.  It used to be that everyone doing this was a computer scientist. We have a lot of people in other fields who are now applying this.  When I give talks at departments and conferences and meetings, I am always amazed by just everybody doing this now. And it pertains whether I am talking to people in the sciences or businesses or architecture who have been planning is pervasive.

	And so what you need to know is several things. There is certainly the elements of working with data, how you get into the form you need, what are the basic tools for that?  There is how does one then apply machine learning, what are all the techniques which ones are applicable to which situations?  

	And then the hard part though is where domain knowledge comes in. And that is how do you assess whether or not what you have done is actually valid and meaningful. Sure you will get prediction. But does it add value or is it going in the wrong direction?  

08.05.16	And how do you test for built in biases?  Because you are building these systems to train on data, because the data contains a bias, so will the results. And that is very hot topic today and how do you actually detect that and mitigate that?  So there are a lot of skills in here and I think one of the challenges is getting people to understand both the field they are working in and the data aspects. Those are not as common. There are efforts to provide data science education. Those are usually out of context with individual demands and they are on trust and domain to do that translation. But I think there is, and I am working personally with various projects where a prominent Lab has excellent scientists and they have excellent machine learning people. But the scientists do not know enough machine learning and then machine learning people do not know enough science. So there is a gap in the middle and there is a real need for people who understand both sides, understand that science like biology or material science for engineering, or some other field like economics.  And understand enough machine learning to bring both together in an intelligent and informed way. And that is where education really is.  Valuable, people who have those skills will be extremely marketable for quite a while. 

Creativity and AI
About bringing 2 different things together
Question
Female	I am going to ask about creativity, can we do that now. Let’s talk about creativity then?

Answer
Male	I think a really interesting aspect is that of creativity.  One thing that we see with [?] intelligence is it does a lot of things really well and it does a lot of things that people used to do. It doesn’t mean that we don’t have room for human creativity.  It is a tool that we can use to augment what we did before just as digital film making tools let us produce video that we would never have imagined possible decades ago, the feature films we see today have affects that were inaccessible.  Using machine learning and A1 that is creating people to have new concepts. I have seen excepts from a Chinese opera that was composed by someone on campus. And the lyrics, the music, the images, everything was synthetic. Does that replace real opera?  I don’t think so, I think this is a different venue. I have also seen beautiful works of art displayed where these are synthesised from doing machine learning on [?] images, adapting those to form, think of it as new brush strokes, new canvas to give you new textures to apply to a different image. And the result is just stunning. It is nothing I would have imagined, it is like out of a dream.  And so I think there is a lot of opportunity for merging creativity plus A1 techniques to develop new things that we haven’t thought of before.

Question
Female	And how about perhaps almost going back to this brain issue and how we can model systems on the human brain, it was pointed out to us yesterday by Julie [?]. We were saying if humans learnt by imitation then how can invention ever happen? And she was saying well yes we learn by imitation, but we also, creativity or inventions that sometimes happen when we connect two things we did know separately but we never thought of putting them together before.  I wonder if you have any kind of reflections on that with respect to improving machine learning systems?  Like can machine be creative?  Is that a meaningful thing to ask?

08:10:41
Answer
Male	So I do believe that machines will be creative. I don’t know if we have reached that level yet. It will depend on the situation. I certainly think that the example, although I will not refer to myself here. I do think that machines can become creative and maybe in some cases they already are. An example is images are being creative that apply training on one set of images, picture training on a set of animal images. And then generation of a landscape where the landscape is generated by what is called inferencing based on the first training set. And what you end up with is this amazing texture where in the bark of the trees there are 
AI to process multiple fields of research to provide context and selection to human researchers
Could combine different types of data eg medical imaging with journal articles

animal shapes and it is like having a few style of brush that humans could never, it would be incredibly tedious to even contemplate. And so in that sense I think they are already being creative. Now that is being guided by human in bringing together these two techniques. But there is no reason that that had to be guided by human. And as we bring together especially different kinds of data, that is where I think we also see machines do more of what we think of as creativity. We [?] call this multi-modal data where we may bring together in the medical field let’s say images maybe from biopsies and slides and genomic data which is what is in our DNA and RNA and medical records. And now being able to do the analysis across all of those perhaps also bringing in all of the medical literature and doing natural language processing across that to [?] asking questions about, what do we know about these rare diseases and where can we actually leverage all of this data that no human can possibly go through with over 10,000 journal publications coming out per day.  And where can we get a handle on treating things that otherwise would not be interest because not enough people have that ailment to make a commercial case.  And there I think it has also creativity because it is bringing together these different concepts. And that is what we do as people.

Male	Can I just change your card and the card filled out when we were talking about printing the literature and what you call images?  

Answer
Male	So what the areas were I think we will see machine learning looking much more like human creativity, is in pulling together what we call multi-modal data, which is data of different types. In the medical field this means imaging. So biopsies where you see a microscope of a slide with stain cells.  Genomic data which is what is in DNA and RNA. Medical records, all of the things that doctors have recorded. And potentially also medical literature where now you want to do natural language processing to be able to look for things relevant in the 10,000 plus articles that are coming out per day, more than any human can keep up with. 

08:15:27	But you would like an A1 to tell you what is relevant. What matters to this disease. That is an area where we are particularly passionate here at PSC. We can work on many different things, but we are really interested is the intersection of machine learning and life sciences. Because that is where our finite staff can make a real impact that will help people.  The idea behind analysing this multi-modal data is you look at these different aspects.  In the human world we have individual experts. We have experts in pathologies to look at slides. We have experts in genomics. We have doctors that talk to patients.  We 
Competence
Reinforcement learning
have very few people who are experts in all of those and being able to have an AI assistant who would help the doctors know where to focus I think that can really look like creativity and how we define creativity that is up to others. But when it starts synthesising ideas from disparate sources and saying, here is where these different concepts come together, this may be a reason this disease is happening. Or this may be a therapy worth looking at. To me that is an aspect of creativity.  

Question
Female	Great, thank you.  Shall we move on then.  Unless there is anything else that struck you yesterday that we haven’t covered?

Answer
Male	I don’t think so.

Female	For us this has been great. The one thing since you are so good at explaining this is perhaps we could ask Mick to just talk about those different kinds of, you have what were they?  Supervised learning and reinforced learning.  Useful?  Competence right you were talking about as well?

Male	Some people talk about competence is more to do, great example of an image of people playing Frisbee, four people playing Frisbee on a computer I think [?] managed to kill four people playing Frisbee and it was a landmark because first of all it recognises shape as Frisbee and not trees, people and they are in a game?

Answer
Male	And they are playing.

Question
Male	And kind of show that there is an element of competence which is very much human like starting to, more kind of ........we don’t realise the great knowledge we have as human beings?

Answer
Male	Right, things we think of as very simple and in fact are fairly difficult.  We take a long time to get to that point.  If you like I can say something about this and you can use them if you want and not if you don’t want. 

	In machine learning there are really three different kinds of learning and they are supervised learning where there is a what we call labelled dataset. And the system trains on that and you can assess whether it is right or wrong based on the labels.  So the set pictures in the picture of the label, the cat, dog, Frisbee and so on. And it is supervised, if it is necessarily wrong. Unsupervised is when it just learns from the data and it is learning completely on its own without getting feedback. Some supervise is in the middle where a human is particularly a human in the loop is giving occasional feedback. And all these have value in different settings. One of the biggest challenges in machine learning is often not having enough data to work with. Now this can happen for example, we are doing a project now with development of the immune system. And if you just don’t have that much data what do you do?  That is where reinforcement learning comes in.  And reinforcement learning is being able to [?] the dataset.  With the needs for this is alternative efforts here that works for [?] and in [?] you know how [?] works and that [?] makes sense. One generates data, one discriminates it.  And these compete. The generator keeps generating better and better images. The discriminator classifies them. 

08:21:46	So an example is there are systems now that generate images of people. The generator synthesises images of humans. The discriminator typically says yes that is a human or no that is not. And these have gotten so good that the images they produce would for those people while they are tiny artefacts things aren’t quite right, but that would be I think fixed within the next few months by the time this airs. And so these are ways of getting around not enough data. All of this leads to competence. And competence is a word for assessing whether or not the AI with a machine learning system has reached what seems to be a human level of ability or competence. So can it caption videos, can it recognise it in this video is a family overlooking the waterfall, and give their caption for you. And that is where we are now. That will only increase, these things are moving so fast right now. What we see is the amount of research as majored by a number of papers, attendancy conferences and investment is increasing nearly exponentially right now.  And the payoff is tremendous. I think we are going to see us bringing it to additional fields and as we get this additional competence this is where it becomes a really interesting application for education because this will let us have systems that will really help teachers.  

We hear all the time about having overcrowded classrooms and especially classrooms where you have students of very different abilities, you have very high performing students in a same crowded room with students with autism spectrum. And how does one teacher manage that?  I think it is impossible that they had AI assistance to help them to be able to tailor lessons to give feedback to students individually and let the teacher perform a role, the humans are more uniquely qualified for which is interacting with even higher order questions students may have.  That would be a tremendous advance for education around the world.
08:25:04

Question
Female	And lastly, you mentioned when we were sitting at the table the sort of accessibility, widespread accessibility to datasets that were also being enabled.  Can you just speak a little about that to have on record?

Answer
Male	Sure.  We believe that an enabler for education is making available very large datasets and very large collections of datasets.  If you think of these digital libraries, they are now accessible by anyone. They are public, they are open, they are available to anyone who has an internet connection which is much of the world right now and that will increase.  And by making these available along with the additional [?] data or the additional information of what is in those datasets and the tools, it lets us provide really new resource that is democratising, it brings education to everyone that has access. We do see that people even in countries that are very challenged, if they only have cellphone access, but that can be enough to do some of this. It can bring education into the classrooms, into the villages and so I think that is a very exciting prospect.  

	What we can make available here is also state of the art data and that could be from the sciences, it could be able the world, economics, you name it. Because people wherever they are and whatever their condition access to be able to contribute and to learn.  

Female	Great, thank you.  Super.

	[End of interview]


DRUMDUAN
DAVID INGLEBY

Ingleby house in Nairne, February 2018

Question
Female	So can you tell us what you are doing now?

Answer
Male	I am studying a course in Elgin college. It is in digital media and some parts are interesting. Some parts are a little less so but useful. But then there is the fun bits like we did a research project on whatever we chose actually just to make sure we could use word I imagine. And I did mine on how games could be used in education.  Like not necessarily video games but definitely parts of them just because well because we had a project to do and partly because video game designers really have to know how best to teach players about the game.  I thought it was a really interesting thing to do. There is tons of scientific research I found too, it was great. 

Question	Do you feel you were better equipped to do something like that?

Answer	Well I think I am probably better equipped for the whole process of college after being to Drumduan in a way. In some ways I do have to say it is more difficult probably. And in other ways I think  it is better and I think about learning in a way I am much more happy with as I hear far too many people saying far too much about I just want to know how to past the tests. And know I want to know how to do stuff.  

Question	Okay so that is one good thing, that sounds really interesting so talk more?

Answer	What was interesting? Well I am trying to talk about it without going into details into stuff that if I am talking to someone you are going to be more interested in. If I get into the little design details. And I haven’t really experienced the sort of mainstream school relationship with teachers either.  From what I hear it doesn’t seem quite as good and in college what I think is great is the lecturers you talk to them on a first name basis and can have nice conversations with them and be nice and familiar and get to know why they think things.  And even if they have complaints about the system, I like it when they agree with me.  And I have loved that at the Steiner school. I liked being able to just have casual conversations with the teachers. I know I like to talk about, I like to talk to quite a few of my science teachers I think. 

Question	And so that is nice because that is continuity you said at the beginning that you felt well equipped for the learning that college can give you?

Answer	Yes in that way I was really I think I actually do approach the lectures a bit differently from my class, from my course mates actually.  I don’t know I think they seem to feel more like enemies, opposite sides of antagonistic relationship. But I think I am much more used to approaching my teachers as people who can really help me. Because they really are. And some of them are really fun to talk with as well. Actually the other day two of the lecturers were fixing some of the college computers and I got to hear a bit of the music they liked to listen to and one of them was pretty happy for me to just turn some on. One of them really didn’t like the caravan palace that I played. One of my favourite lecturers did actually seem to not mind it at all. 
14:31:14
Question	So they are open more or less?

Answer	Yeah.  And I love that about college right now. And I love that about Drumduan.  

Question	How about things that are difficult? You mentioned.

Answer	Yeah I wasn’t really ready for deadlines in the way that they do in normal mainstream education and college. And I don’t know if it is easier if you are not also suddenly thrown into a difficult home family situation where you are actually doing quite a lot of work at home. I don’t know if it would have been easier to get used to college deadlines if I wasn’t getting up early doing dishes and having to talk to my aunt in order to understand how doing bills works.  So it was difficult, but I imagine it might be easier for other people. 
	
Question	Right can you tell me about when your first deadline?

Answer	Deadline, okay another thing that really makes it difficult is that I won’t get onto too much is the college does a lot of stuff by, online sort of here is some information, they have a cycled blackboard and it has a lot of records on it and says what your tasks are. Tutors usually tell you once and then expect you to check with blackboard. And that took some getting used to. And managing my time and managing projects. Really my biggest problem at first. I would often have unexpected things pop up on days, like through the first half of term that was really difficult and I would be barely getting stuff in on time or working through my tea or working through times which were not fun.  

Question	Do you feel you have made some headway with that now?

Answer	I really do and it is frustrating because more things have come up and more difficult stuff is happening, if I want to really get to where I want to get to which is right now is game development course in Dundee if there is any chance I would love to do that.  

Question	So what do you have to do to get there?

Answer	I think unfortunately they don’t seem to be immediately open to the Steiner school. The idea of portfolios at least with that they seemed pretty to be pretty much wanting [?] 5’s and highers. Like they wanted exam qualifications. So I think I am going to have to go and get those.   

Question	But do you feel okay about that because they will get you to the?

Answer	Well I am certainly happy to learn about the things. I want to learn about the things and if I can have the time to learn about the things I will be glad to.  	 

Question	Do you sometimes think, I wish I had conventional education and got those things already?

Answer	I think that is a really complicated thing to think about. I have thought that. I have asked some people what they have thought about it because I know it is more complicated than just I would have had the qualifications if I had been to a mainstream school. It would have been all sorts of different things about the. I know at Drumduan the social atmosphere is much less competitive between people and much more. Even the parents are much happier to work together and support each other. We have had a lot of help from parents since my mum and dad died.  And I have the impression that in mainstream schools kids are more in competition with each other and I know there are some problems with. I call them problems because I look at it from a games design perspective like how game design could be implemented into education. That rather than making people engaged in the school subjects right now with curriculum of excellence over the last few years, I don’t know the exact number of years. I have heard a lot of stories of people being really, really stressed. Like regularly people crying because the work is far too much for them and friends of mine have been having panic attacks. And it obviously could be that I have limited information, but the information I do have says this happens more than it doesn’t which is I would not want to be in that system. It sounds like I would hate learning, I would not want to learn all these things that right now I am really needing to want to learn them if I want to be able to do the work I want to be able to do.  
14:35:09
Question	And did you go, were you at Drumduan when you were very small?

Answer	I actually wasn’t. I was home school for quite a few years and I barely learnt anything. I learnt to read.  I learned to do very basic maths. But my dad was always busy and I don’t know if my mum really knew how to get us to learn stuff.

	[Interrupt]

Question	Were you at Drumduan from when you were very small?

Answer	...the founders,  I don’t know about the current CEO or Elon Musk who is Head of Tesla, Space Ex and the boring company which is my favourite company name in the universe.  

Question	What does he do, does he bore?

Answer	He bores tunnels. He does a lot of boring things.  

Question	And he sends his kids to.....?

Answer	I don’t know where his kids go.

Question	Is that what you were getting at though?

Answer	I was talking about the successful people who had been to Steiner or Montessori schools. Like mainstream is like. You can be very, very successful and not go to a mainstream school is the point I was trying to make as far as I know. 

Question	Was it difficult to get into college?  Hold that thought.

Answer	Pistols and run around like a crazy person.

Question	You were thinking about the answer, what was the question?

Answer	The question, what was it?  Something about how I managed to get onto the college course was it?

Question	Yes you were saying lots of people don’t get the fact that you can get completely to start of the course?

Answer	Well I know what you guys are doing is about the school, but I don’t really know if the school helped for computing honestly.  And I want to be honest and say that. I know there was some stuff that did give me some experience and some fun things we did where Jim, our science teacher showed us how to computer chips, circuit boards and that was cool. But my impression of what actually got me into college was more. It was, I am sure it was I could work by being in a school and working.  And I think it was more that I had learned about computers and learned to build a computer and make it work in my own time.

Question	That was pretty cool?

Answer	Yes it was.

Question	You made a computer?

Answer	Yes I did. It is upstairs in my bedroom and it is white and glows blue and about as big as a dog.

Question	Sounds amazing and we can talk about it afterwards. And okay, do they encourage you to make that? That sounds like the kind of thing they would be like yeah, make a computer?

Answer	Yeah I wish, I really wish. But after I was 16 they didn’t bother, they didn’t have any problems with me doing anything with computers. It was just before then is Steiner [?] which I don’t really agree with.  I don’t know if Rudolph Steiner himself would have a different idea if he looked at the world now and now much computers are really, really useful to people.

Question	Yes I think it is a really interesting, this kind of suspicion of computers?

Answer	Yeah and don’t get me wrong I think you should probably think there are dangers to this technology because especially with AI there is crazy things that that could end up doing and some of them are potentially dangerous and some of them are potentially amazing.  

Question	Do you think it is a failure like the fear of it is a failure to separate out things like social media from the actual technology?

Answer	Yeah and I, well I think sometimes it can be really hard especially for people who, I mean there are points and I think it can be hard to separate it especially for people who already have an opinion in politics and I think this is a huge thing.  Like the left and the right really seem to hate each other and never have a conversation which I really think is really unhealthy for everyone involved which so happens to be everyone.  

Question	Yes I think that is interesting. So it hasn’t been hard for you to relate to people and make friends outside Drumduan as you said?

Answer	It is weird to people who aren’t as friendly as everyone in Drumduan, that is one thing I have had to learn since. And I am not saying it is a bad thing, it is something to learn, but I really appreciate it and still appreciate how friendly everyone is around Drumduan. I missed my class for quite a while, they were good people who I couldn’t always talk to because many reasons. But I do miss them and I do really like seeing the ones around I do see around.

Question	So it is like quite a broad range of opinions and physical outlooks?

Answer	Yeah I thought that was great.  I think well especially when you go into opinions and political outlooks. I think just being in a room with people who agree with you is incredibly unhealthy. So just an echo chamber and even if your ID is beyond stupid they don’t really get sorted out. If you have people who disagree all the time. At least if they are reasonable and listen to each other I think you tend to find out which ideas will stand up to criticism. 

Question	And do you think there is a good culture of listening to each other?

Answer	I think we did manage to develop one. Some people were really strong in opinions and didn’t like to listen to each other and you got arguments, but that is kind of human beings. 

Question	And now where did you move from?

Answer	From all over the place really, well it felt like it. Lots of places in England. I think we lived in or near York for a while and then we moved to either near or in Lancashire because we lived near Lancaster small village where I think I tried a mainstream school for a day and we still kept trying to set up home education. We moved all over the place trying to set up a small school or try and tell educate. And eventually my parents decided to move up here after I said earlier that if we move near Bristol I think, to join up with the school that was just beginning to run and well they decided they weren’t going to take on all the kids which meant that me and my brother Robert weren’t going to be able to go. So it was after that that my parents realised that we had known about the Moris Dinas school for a while and they seemed good and we tried coming up here and it looked pretty nice. 

14:40:49
Question	And that was when the other school was getting there?

Answer	That was before actually. I don’t know if Tilda and Ian or Christophe had been talking about it for a while.  I know Christophe had actually because they got him in just before they started, but I don’t know if Tilda and Ian had been talking about it.  I joined while it was still a Loria Steiner in the last 4-5. And it was just when I got into Class 8-9 was ending for me that they I believe officially started the upper school when we were operating out of the Murray Art Centre just in a room with a bunch of seats.  

Question	And how do you think it has been for you, you have an older brother too do you?

Answer	I am the oldest. Peter looks like the oldest because he is the biggest.

Question	Is he taller than you?

Answer	Yeah he is quite a bit.  Quite a funny thing yesterday at [??] there was in the room where he has food there was just a light bulb and Peter could not walk around it without bumping into it or having to walk around and I fit just perfectly underneath it.

Question	So you are the oldest and I know Peter, but Robert and James are they still at the school?

Answer	James is still at the school. Robert has left and he is studying art at Inverness.

Question	So it has worked differently for all of you and Peter has obviously left as well hasn’t he?

Answer	Yeah he is doing professional cookery. It sounds like he is getting a really good opportunity in the next year. I am jealous, very, very jealous.

Question	Your time will come. I just want to ask you generally then like something about you have all experienced or still experiencing the school how it works for different personality types. Whether you think it has been good for all of you and I don’t mean do details?

Answer	Well that is what I am going to do if you don’t tell me not to.

Question	Well give me vague or general or specific things?

Answer	How the school’s worked for us. Well I have questions about how supplies consequences for not doing work. I am worried that has made it difficult to keep up with deadlines, talking about before. But I think probably our ability to sort of know what is out there in terms of, because of again the variation of what we get taught at Drumduan I really like that. And possibly I think we might know quite well how to have close relationships. It is not like I am clinical psychologist or anything, but I think relationships are quite close at Drumduan.  Got used to being in them.

Question	Which is great and as you said. And people who aren’t familiar with that say it is not the real world. How can you, these kids are in a happy, they are not prepared for the real world?

Answer	I think it is more complicated.

Question	Or do you think it is the real world?

Answer	I think there are things about it that possibly should be the real world because the real world doesn’t work very well around them like I think our emotional awareness of what is going on for ourselves. Just because I have had small opportunities to compare. I think we probably take care of each other a bit better and I wish people did that more in general. and I think we could more in life do it. And it is not like am an authority or anything but I think that. 

Question	Okay.  Any questions?  Anything you want to tell us about?

Answer	One of the things that were weird to me.  I mean there were people who were a bit similar to this Drumduan as well, but one of the things that was really weird was getting this education for free and just didn’t seem to care about being there at all seemed to like want to be somewhere else. And of course like people want to be just enjoying themself. But I don’t know whether everyone really understands that.
14:45:04
Question
Male	So you didn’t really understand how can someone not?

Answer	Yeah and I guess like school is as exhausting as everyone says it is and they are just expecting that college is going to be that and they are approaching it like that. I think it could be quite destructive for you but it seems reasonable now. But at the time and when I see people who were talking about college as something that, oh it doesn’t matter and just here to get my living expenses paid for because the government will do that. They are teaching you stuff for free, they are teaching you stuff I think is really, really valuable.  And free information maybe education lags behind industry and it would be great if someone could speed it up or view slightly better opportunities. And I think some people probably do. But it is always far better than not having anything. And I think it is wonderful to have knowledge so you can be capable and able to do things.  I really like being capable, that is great when I am. And there are places that their sole job is to make you capable whether they have design problems or not. They are going to teach me stuff for free, awesome.  

Question
Male	Can you begin this answer so we have a full answer to use the question. So begin?  Beginning with a sentence saying or what was the first day like?

Answer	Well since my first day at Mori College UHI the place in Elgin, I have been really I felt it really weird when people didn’t seem to care too much about like everything was there that people were teaching us or doing work as good as they possibly can and I know that is really hard work and I know people aren’t particularly, they don’t particularly tend to be happy to put lots of hard work in when they can’t really see a reason to. But again that might be another thing that I tend to be allowed to ask a reason to of my teachers when they are on a first name basis and you can just have conversations.  But I thought it really weird that someone when I have seen from time to time at Elgin college that people have not really wanted to get as much as they can out of education.  If it is something to do with their experiences in the past I felt it really weird to not like see education especially when it is free as you are giving me amazing stuff. Like you are asking me to work for it. Honestly part of me is happy for that, but you are giving me amazing stuff teaching me to do stuff and capable of doing stuff. And I think I put that possibly a bit better in some places the first time.  

Question	That’s fine. Great.  Shall we go to the computer. Do you think Peter would be uncomfortable or together.

Answer	I think he finds me annoying.

	[Cut – End of interview]

14:48:44
Male	I think that was from one of my opening pages, all space come from a long journey from my father’s planet which I honestly think about.  This is what is going on on this I believe this remote island off of Brazil I think. I know I have written it down somewhere and I keep this at the end of this project on my computer. And I am working on it to put a story together. Also add speech bubbles and little effects on the computer as well. I quite like some of the results.  

Question
Female	And then what will you do with it, would you publish it online?

Answer
Male	I doubt that the first version is going to be anything I want to publish. I know if I want to publish anything ever I am going to have to bite the bullet and I am just thinking do drafts first.  

Question
Female	So you are more interested in a personal project?  Is it a game?

Answer
Answer	This I don’t think so because from what I know and completely agree with, when you are writing a story for a game and making a game I think you should probably do that at the same time. All the story comes second. Because if you try and stick too close to a story it can be difficult to develop.

Question	To write the code?

Answer	It can be difficult to create game mechanics that actually work well with the story. Like you can make a story that you have to make sacrifices to a fun game to make it work. Like okay if anyone is like a gamer and sees this they will probably know that for the longest time no one was happy to see that people were making a gaming series about super hero because people didn’t know, what is the name again. Rock Steady studies comes along and makes the Batman Archen series. And there is from what I know they were developing, always developing the story and the game play at the same time and they found ways of communicating things about the story through the game play. So they do a really good job of making you feel like Batman. Like a bad ass like you are so vulnerable and like you have to be a selfie to work around your vulnerability.  Like in a story you have to work on how you represent things visually and there are differences between comics, books and movies in a game there is a lot of that as well, but you have to think about how you communicate things to experience. And that comes into teaching players about the world as well. 
14:51:18
Question
Male	You said you were interested in science, but Drumduan also focuses very much on arts, does that push you towards games as there is an element of design and also signs?

Answer	Yeah I have always, I remember in school we were asked to decide would you rather do art or science? And I put my hand up for both because I think both are awesome and I do struggle sometimes because I really, really like games, but I also want to do something that is really going to help humanity and I think that would possibly be easier through science. But I think also doing anything I really want to do in both sort of industries or professions would be quite difficult because companies and corporations can be difficult that way.  

Question
Female	I think games could really help you?

Answer	Especially in games for education I think they could be really useful for teaching people. Like you could make things like I think elements of games could make things like homework a lot more manageable and a lot less stressful.  I think some people do a quite good job of that already in [?] Academy, our maths teacher in Drumduan often told us we should probably work through [?] academy a lot, this guy called [?] set up a bunch of videos and challenges online for people to learn with and other websites like Brilliant which basically teaches you about maths and science too. Having solved interesting problems and come to interesting conclusions. I think that is great too, I love that, it is just like homework when you are given a project and asked to do it over a week along with a bunch of other projects and then hand it in and get your grade the next week. I like how Steiner did it because they just talk to us about what they thought rather than giving us a letter and number grade though I imagine the letter and number grade as well as that could have been really useful. I don’t honestly know the implications of everything involved. I didn’t particularly think about it very well at the time, but I thought that definitely giving us detailed feedback and talking to us about our work was very important to me definitely. There was some times when teachers told me that something was wrong and I convinced them it was actually right. I think it was only once or twice but I was happy with the conversations.  

Question
Female	Yes that is the good thing of grading in person is that you can change their mind?

Answer	I didn’t help with that much but it was simple. And there is a ton of things inside as well. And cables, more cables inside.  

Question
Female	All the bits on the end of the cables and you decide.

Answer	They are nice and simple for you, just readymade. But there is a few wires, wires to connect inside and pieces to connect to the main board and wires which some of them you have to look at the instructions and people like to not to do that.  I don’t often do stuff that is complicated and difficult, though I want to. When I find time I try to learn stuff about electronics and have been reading about physics and want to learn about maths and English quite well too.

Female	Okay let’s go upstairs.

Answer	Okay ignore the things strewn about the place. And I am on the highest tower.  Oh no welcome to a very scary place, but this is the one I built for myself and this is my hard drive.  Shiny. I didn’t make it do that. It came and did that.

Female	Awesome.

Answer	But what is the button, turns red too, it is lovely.  It is not like I started coding when I was 11 or anything. I wish I did. I know more now.

14:55:22

Question
Female	So you built  this when in theory in Steiner stuff you should not have been?

Answer	Yeah I built another one before it when it was that. This might have been after, but it was a few months later about maybe a year and a half maybe when they did actually bring computers in and let us take them apart in school.  That I did like, they did some stuff. And it was around the same time I started to try and learn to code just in my own free time. But it is quite difficult without someone to tell me when something went wrong what exactly it meant.

Question
Female	But coding must be a lot of what you do now at college is it?

Answer	Yeah we have got whole sections and right now me and a course mate, looking at how we can make a sort of, like if anyone has ever played Flappy Bird, a clone of basically that with a haggis, calling it Jumpy, jumpy Haggis. 

Question
Female	Amazing. Scotland.

Answer	Honestly I go way too far with projects, I always try to do something complicated. I think I must have simplified my previous project 5 or 10 times.  And every single time when my lecturer told me to do it I was like, but I thought that was simple, every time. I like complex stuff.

Question
Female	What are these things here?

Answer 	They are animate things. That is me being a very strange geek. They are big robots.

Question	Did you make them?

Answer	Yeah I put them together.

Question	Can you show us one? Can you pick up to show us in the light?

Answer	I am trying to think which one has come from the most interesting story. Probably this one built a little stand for it too.  The animate series is called Gundum. There is a lot of different series in different worlds. And I like when it looks at the sort of. These are war machines basically, philosophy of why people would even do it. And the people who are just stuck in the middle of it.  It is interesting and horrible and sometimes nice.  

Question	So it is like a kit that you put together?

Answer	Yeah it comes on a plastic frame and you have to cut the pieces off, sand down the little nibs and I painted them and drawn on them a bit. This is just blue and white plastic. But underneath there is green marker to because in the animae those glow green.  And I don’t know if I have done it with this one, but I usually go over the panel lines in thin black marker just because I think it looks cool. 

Question	You draw and you do comics don’t you because your presentation was about comics?

Answer	I do.  Now shame of my life I still haven’t finished that comic. I actually think it is bad my ideas for it. But I always meaning to and I have still kept practicing my drawing. The mess, that is where it is.  I still keep a sketch book. That is the one my girlfriend gave me. 

	[Change interview]



PETER INGLEBY AND COSMO MCCOOK
PETER’S HOUSE IN NAIRN, FEB 2018

Male	Dark here.

Question
Female	Let’s start with you Peter. You have left. Tell me that and tell me a bit more about it 

Answer
Peter	Okay so I left. I don’t know how to?

Question	Okay so what do you do now?

Answer	I am doing professional cookery at Inverness College.

Question	And how is it going?

Answer	Good it is not always something I have wanted to do.  It is just something I got forced into. But I and my brothers, I cook for them so they wanted that food.  Compared to Cinderella a  lot more than I am comfortable with.  I look good in a dress though to be fair!

Question	You left Drumduan and is it strange or better?

Answer	It is different, I think it is better for me as a person. I wasn’t really going anywhere academically in the school after a bit. So I decided to do something I preferred to do.

Question	But you like music and are a great musician?

Answer	Yes music is a big one.  Yes I have a lot of hobbies but music is a big one.

Question	What made you go for cooking and not music?

Answer	You know varying levels of confidence and better at cookery than I think I am at music.  I am not really a musician, I write songs. I don’t know music notes or anything, just put chords together on my guitar and write words to it.

Question	Are you finding you can carry on, well you are carrying on doing that?

Answer	Yeah I still do it, if anything I do it more and have more time to do it.

Question	So how long does the cookery course take?

Answer	It has changed quite a lot like timetables keep changing. Right now it is not that long.  About 20 hours a week or something like that.

Question	Can you tell me again about what happened?

Answer	Well two guys came to my college today and they showed us how to cook lobster and the restaurant chain or the company that owns quite a few restaurant chains and they were taking 10 people from my course to offer them apprenticeships with them and give them good qualifications and stuff and they asked if I wanted to go with them. Pretty simple really. 

Question	So you are going to go for it?

Answer	Yeah I think so if I can.

Question	Where will it be going?

Answer	It will be in Abimore probably

Question	And where is that?

Answer	Where is Abimore?

Male	It is in the Cairngorm mountains area, just below the Cairngorm mountains, 50 or so miles, away.

Question	Residential right?

Answer	I am not sure where in Abimore it is. Okay.

Question	Can you talk a bit about what it has been like moving out of the Drumduan system because you are obviously still on the learning system?
15:00:52
Answer	Well in Drumduan very, more open people. You would not find less. They were all tolerant of each other.  There were some racists I guess. Those scary ones. But you get used to it. I was never really a Steinery person. People think they are all hippy and some of them are. But some of us aren’t at all and I am not one of them.

Question	Do people know you went to the Steiner school and expect you to be a certain way?

Answer	I don’t really tell them unless they ask. So a lot of them don’t know. 

Question	And how about the relationship with the tutors?

Answer	It depends on the person. I guess some of them are. I think actually going to the Steiner school you build a better relationship with your tutor or teacher because a lot of people forget they are people too I have seen. So I am friends with some of them.

Question	So you are able to build a relationship with them.  Would people of the same age?

Answer	Mostly I am older than quite a few of them, but there are some. One is 23 and one is in his 30s I think.

Question	Do you feel like other people coming from abroad have different ways of learning, different problems?

Answer	Definitely.  I have realised a lot of people from mainstream schools. This is going to sound bad. It may be the upbringing. They don’t have the best.  It is not necessarily because they are from mainstream but a lot of them, like maybe their upbringing they don’t have the best work ethic. They just sort of leave it to someone else which I find quite annoying.  

Question	So why do you think that is?

Answer	Maybe they thought it is a chore.  Maybe they are taught to not be as comfortable working, they are taught it is a chore rather than privilege.   

Question	One of my questions is it difficult to make friends outside Drumduan?

Answer	I have always had quite a bad friends idea, so it has always been hard for me to make friends. The Steiner school helped with that quite a bit, but still not great at it.  

Male	Steiner kind of raises your bar of friendship.

Answer	Yes definitely.

Male	There are a lot of people at college who say I am their friend. And my friends I have either I have known them for 15 years or I have been with them.

Answer	You have known me for 9 years, you have known of me for two. 

Male	He has known me for 9 years. I have forgotten about him for 7.  We are together on camera. 

Question	So in the environment you have got an interview, you feel a little bit like you have to hide the Steiner school background?

Answer	I don’t necessarily hide it, it is just not something I mention, not something I feel like I have to mention and they would judge me if they knew, but I don’t really care to be honest. It is not a big part of me.

Question	What is the best thing it has given you or useful thing?

Answer	Social skills probably, definitely.  So the best thing the Steiner school has given me is probably social skills. 

Question	And is there anything you miss?

Answer	The sense of community was really nice being friends with pretty much everyone.  And having time to hang out when you wanted and usually at college, I would get home and go to sleep and go back to college. That is not saying I get home late, I get home like 2, but I sleep anyway.  

Question	So nice in the end in the end going out with these guys?

Answer	Yeah they are at college so I still hang out with them.

Question	You are at Inverness college right, and as I was saying a bunch of them?

Answer	Yeah.  There is me ?????? Willow, Tam, Jack, Tristan 

Question	I remember Tristan how is he getting on?

Answer	Tristan just started about a week ago. He is good, a bit worried, but he is doing quite well.

Male	He is not as outgoing a person.  He is with people he knows and with people he has to be but not of his own volition. 

Male	Like if he wasn’t told to he probably wouldn’t even go to college.

Question	Quite a mixed age group?

Answer	Some doing different courses, Xavier who is about two years older than me. He is doing a higher degree course than us.

Answer	There are levels and I am on the bottom.  I can’t make soufflé, I made a crumble, but I have never tried.

Question	Do you find because there is a bunch of you there, you stuck together?

Answer	We haven’t stuck together because we all operate in quite different areas. Like even if we do go in the same sector like in science division, different time lessons. We do see each other a lot and still hang out with each other when we can. But you naturally have to make friends in class to a degree. So you can converse in class.

Answer	To keep the morale up.  So we still when we can hang out with each other. If we are lucky we can get 4-5 of us at break at the same time, but we have to make other friends really.

15:05:53
Question	Is it massive, there are so many types of degrees and qualifications going on?

Answer	At the college it is pretty big. It is nice. The old college in Inverness was all, it rained through the roof.  So this new place built about six years ago, very nice. 

Question	So what are you studying?

Answer	I am studying science cluster there which I kind of at Drumduan the thing that gave me almost kind of work ethically. Saying I come into school quite intelligent. But that has given me an excuse not to do as much work and the school.

Answer	Well in college you do because you are top of your class so you caught up.

Answer	But what I am saying, in Drumduan, when I first came to Drumduan I do to the standard of say a lot of people in the class at that time and kind of assumed that was all I need to do. Whereas graduating I was actually doing stuff because I enjoy it and learning about things I wanted to. So going into college it is not like university. I am not going straight into a high degree course, but I found a lot of people in class who kind of ride the wave and don’t actually pursue, sit and watch. Quite a lot of people just sit there, they won’t bringing any of their homework, will just sit there and watch and occasionally fill something in. Whereas at lunchtime if there is nothing else to do I will be looking at the past papers and things we need to revise just because it is the thing I want to do. Since I was about seven, I got the hair from mad scientist. And I kind of perceive that being the intelligence part.

Question	So you are going to be a mad scientist?

Answer	I am going to be a scientist, but you guys can work on that.
Male	Don’t you want to be a forensic scientist?

Answer	Yes less mad.

Question	So to be a forensic scientist?

Answer	It is a higher course but more kind of Nat 5 level national 5 level.  After that I could go for four higher, and then go into university. I got offered to do higher when I went to college, but I felt like I didn’t have enough actual information or problem solving skills in my brain and I will do higher next year and hopefully get into university after that. 

Question	Do you ever wish you had just gone a bit more conventional or different school and got those qualifications?

Answer	No if I had left Drumduan school about 15/16 I wouldn’t have been the kind of student, I would have probably done okay but I wouldn’t have actually tried to excel in anything.

Question	So that is a little bit like you kind of see people around you at college like that?

Answer	Yeah I don’t know if it is even about the people, so it is kind of about the environment, the kind of. And what Peter was saying about the teachers is true. In the science cluster. The teachers are quite Drumduan and Steiner actually, you converse with them quite a lot and they insist even though you are not meant to you call them by first names, you converse with them a lot,  you talk about things not entirely related. They are very fun, the administration aren’t as much but the teachers are.

Question	So did Drumduan set you up well for that relationship?

Answer	Yeah the, so Elliot we were talking, we are both in the science clusters and Elliot came from Drumduan with basically no qualifications or anything and hadn’t learnt much physics.  And he went straight into physics at college and then he was scoring at the top centre on all class and tests, although he was not naturally gifted in that really. And then I went this year to do the same course as he did last year and even though I didn’t necessarily have the intelligence I found myself after a couple of weeks keeping at the top. And apparently our teachers quite like us.  We are kind of the only people that talk to them fully.  

Question	And you found, you were saying....?

Answer	Yes Drumduan has kind of set the bar of friendship a bit higher. You know so much more intimately. When you spend. There are  lot of people at Drumduan that if I was in college with them I would not spend time with them, if I hadn’t known them for that long.  But you learn you have to get along and now there is nothing that will really stop us from doing that. We have kind of been through a lot more than most situations would put you through. 

Male	I think in Steiner it is, you learn to build an emotional connection. And in college you are forced to be with them so it is our necessity.

Answer	Yeah I mean in Steiner you didn’t necessarily actually have to stay, a lot of people left. People, I don’t know. All my best friends I would say are people from Steiner.

Question	So you don’t have regrets as it set you up really well?

Answer	Yes even if it hasn’t like perfectly taught me all the academics it has put me into a state where I can learn those things much easier.

Question	One might say that is because you are older?

Answer	It might be yeah.  And it has got other factors like my parents and other things .But all the changes I have noticed have been through the school and teachers with Christophe and all the other teachers there. And with say like the personal projects.  Yeah I really don’t think I would be doing that at this age.  It is also taught me, I am working as a bar tender as well on the weekends which does not leave much spare time. But I find it much easier. As a bar tender you have to talk to people quite a lot and it is so much easier to converse. When I started the job and I was still at Drumduan it took me about a week and suddenly I knew all the people’s names and could talk to them all the time even if some of them are awful to talk to.  I have heard the same story from one guy about ten times now.
15:10:28
	[Talking together - laughing]

Question	What do you think about Steiner digital stuff?	

Answer	It is, I don’t think it is mandatory.

Male	It is not mandatory, if it was this family would have been torn apart.

Answer	We are on computers a lot.

Question	And your brother builds them?

Both	Yeah.

Male	They are all engineers really.

Question	How old?

Answer	11 I think, they are all smarter than me. They are all engineers so good for them. A certain level of machinery is good.

Male	I think also the ethos at the school puts forward not to allow at home.

Male	Another thing on computers  you can find role models and things you probably shouldn’t.  I find that a lot.

Male	I find it is not even just computers themselves there is a lot of things on social media that aren’t very positive for younger children. I think parents have to take quite a lot of care for that. 

Question	But you guys do media work.  Do you regulate that better?

Answer	I mainly use it for communication.

Answer	Yes that is the same here.  My one guilty pleasure is Instagram. But I think my family lagged about ten years behind. My first piece of technology was when I was 13 or 12 and it was a game boy dance from about ten years before.  [laughing and talking together]

Male	My parents just put us in front of the TV. 

Question	You were home schooled right?

Answer	My older brothers, Robert and David they were home schooled. Me and James we went to kindergarten down in England and at 8 I came here.   I think that was one of my reasons.

Question	Did you feel behind?

Answer	I just didn’t have the social skills, I didn’t know how to talk to people. I hadn’t been around people and just watched TV and acted the way I thought I was meant to act on TV which a lot of people thought was weird.  

Male	One thing I think we need to bring on camera is how David used to run [laughing]

	Much in the same way as learning a lot of their social culture from TV and shows David liked Japanese shows so when he first came to the school he would run with his arms behind him so he could go faster through to the age of 11/12.

Male	I think it went better at the Steiner school than at most schools luckily.

Male	Should turn that into a positive thing for Steiner.  Strangest people come out slightly less strange.

Question	Do you think it is working out okay for your little brother as he is still at school?

Answer	Yes James is weird, not like a weird person sense. He doesn’t understand other people not in the way David. David has Aspergers.  He does not understand how people’s brains work.  James is borderline sociopathic to be honest.  He doesn’t understand people at all.  

Male	He finds it difficult to empathise with some people he is not a sociopath. And he doesn’t like people talking and whining.  

Male	He enters a conversation with initially, I don’t like this person and then you have to make him like you.  I would say it is absolutely better for him at Drumduan than anywhere else.  These situations are not from the school.

15:14:42	




[B(1]This needs to be confirmed. In Bengali 7 and 60 sound almost the same. It’s not very clear from the dialect whether it is 7 or 60 cows. 
NICK NYSTROM, PITT SUPER COMPUTER

86



