
Machine Cut March 2023 Transcript
Wed, May 03, 2023 1:02PM • 1:26:06

Tilda  00:05
This is a film about learning, full of questions with not many answers. It has been dreamed up by the Derek Jarman Lab between 2016 and 2042. It will run for an hour and a half or thereabouts.

TEXT on screen: 
LET’S START AGAIN 
So I am a human child 
And I want to live a life
I have all that I need to make a unique mark on the ground 
We are back at the beginning of things 
How do I find my way?
How do I learn to nourish myself?
What a machine the world is
How to work its gears?

Tilda  01:32
My child is six. This evening she picked up a book and read it out loud while holding it upside down throughout. The story was a pretty long one, verbose and fluent with great leaps of narrative invention and copious flourishes. Who's to say what a story is, where the teller ends and the tale begins?

Idris  02:27
this all started with a bike which got dinged by a bit by a radioactive bee and the bike started glowing, and then all the lights turned on, then the garage shined brightly, lights are so bright you can see it from the outside like an explosion

jasper  03:28
All that we have left of the mighty dinosaurs are their fossils, stone copies of long dead bones. Do you know what you're looking for? The spine might give you a clue. You're looking at this remarkable T Rex Skeleton in Wyoming named Rex. Boom shhhh Boom! By studying the stones, comparing him to other fossils, there's enough evidence to raise the ghost of big Rex from his 145 million year old grave.

jasper  04:22
Bit by bit, a story of how we might have lived can be pieced together

AI assistant  04:54
Here's a selection of videos about learning. Watch them carefully and answer questions that appear at the end. Note that there is only one correct answer. Stay focused and do not click away

researcher (korean)  05:18
Subtitles:
 I travelled a large distance. 
My journey was pleasant enough. 
The Uber plane was on time for once. 
I burnt my tongue on the in-flight soup.
I’ve arrived in a culture that wraps itself around a distant past 
while pointing to a radical future that might never arrive. 
I am here to learn about learning.
August brimmed with abundance. 
On a hill I came upon a school of the most unusual constitution. 
They believed in nature, in the blank page of human potential
Rousseau says ‘Fix your eyes on nature follow the path traced by her
She keeps children at work, she hardens them by all kinds of difficulties, 
she soon teaches them the meaning of pain and grief... 
Dip them in the waters of the Styx. 
A child will bear changes which a man cannot bear, 
the muscles of the one are soft and flexible, 
they take whatever direction you give them’
There was a time – when was it? – when I felt hunger for knowledge 
Perhaps I’m now retracing that feeling of wonder. 
Nobody needs reminding of the price we paid for the current prosperity
The decade of darkness which started with the Reign of the Clown still gives me the shudders. 

krysztof  09:34
because this is the this is the older class, the eldest class in the in the Lower School, it's the oldest class so, it's blue because it's the colour of the at the end of the spectrum that's kind of more sharp, cool and awake and relates more to clear thinking which isn't appropriate for the younger ones. Because we believe that they need to be remaining sort of childhood a bit longer and stay a little bit dreamy so they can remain children rather than waking them up into adulthood too early.

TEXT:
subtitles:
Confusion and irresolution lead to self-abasement
Don’t let imaginary fears get you down
Free yourself from fear and nurture your strength
Conquer your own self completely
Protect the weak and strike out at the wicked
Never admit that you are poor and helpless

fake tagore voice  12:31
My idea was that education should be a part of life itself and must not be detached from it and be made into something abstract. And so when I brought these children around, I allowed them to live a complete life. They had perfect freedom to do what they wished. And in all their activities I tried to put before them something which would be interesting to them.

TEXT on screen - researcher voice
We can trace pockets of activity
that chip away at the capitalism of the early 21st century 

with its endemic oppression and instability

its balancing acts of staying afloat

By digging stones from a riverbed

selling them stone by stone

ton by ton

The pebbles will get crushed and made into concrete

and then riverbeds will become cities

Anis  15:34
My father had built a factory in this district in the mid 80s. And we as a family used to come up here year after year. And then at some point, he thought he wanted to do more in this area, create more employment for people in this area. And we need this land we need this area, it's actually the soil and sandy soil, the soil is very sandy. And it's not easy to farm. So there was nothing here. Right now you look around and you see all these trees, this was completely arid. So he thought, sandy soil is good for tea. You can't do usual farming, but you could do tea planting my father. And the way we did it was put in a lot of organic matter into the ground, put in a lot of leguminous crop, which helped with nitrogen fixation, and the that crop would itself die and become mulch. And over time, as this process went on year, after a year, the surface of the soil started become becoming nutrient rich. So that's how this arid soil was turned hospitable. And then because you had mulch, you had microbes and other small life coming in. And once you had insects and worms you had birds coming in, and a whole ecosystem has come about

tea picker  16:53
SUBTITLES:
T: Why do you come to work here? And why do you intend to keep working?
W: I work here for the progress of my family. It enables me to educate my child. Earlier we did not have anything…. My in laws place is at a different place. After coming here I bought land, built a house, bought two cows.. I have made huge progress for my family. 

Anis  17:20
so these women who work here, at some point, we felt, oh, we need a lot of bio fertilizer. And for that we need a lot of cow dung. And we can't go on becoming a massive dairy. So we started giving cows to these women. And they pay us back in cow dung and milk. So it's a very sort of natural, who needs what kind of relationship, a business relationship, it's a business relationship. They take the cows, it's all alone, which is paid back usually over two years in the form of a certain quantity of milk and cow dung, the surplus they get to keep and they get to use if there's coughing, they get to keep the cough and instantly become more acid rich. And most of the women who have joined our cooperatives, of which there are now 5000 members. They're all from the surrounding villages. And in the process we have now this rich relationship with them on another front.

katherine  18:45
So education encompasses both teaching and learning. It's both the process of educating and the process of being educated. It's both kind of formal instruction and something that is informal. You know life experience things that you learn from life experience in a non formal setting. Education is recognized by the United Nations as a fundamental human right, which is essential for the exercise of all other human rights and promotes individual freedom and empowerment. Yet it is not always clear what education means.

Peace Tetteh  19:53
What we are seeking to do is to understand how children learn what we have called vernacular learning, how knowledge is produced, the whole domain of knowledge as a sense in which you use it. 

Text on Screen - editor voice:
vernacular learning

Peace Tetteh  
So we are looking at how children learn in out of school spaces, but also to try and connect, if you like home community and school, what are the lines, if any. And I think that a lot of what we've seen from my perspective is that these lines are fluid. Basically, children employing all of their senses, sight, touch, taste, to learn math, science, engineering, language, knowing what to say to whom, and how is all of that is what I consider to be like the vernacular.

Karen Wells  21:14
The project is absolutely about saying what's going on in school, the model that was imported from the industrial, north or, you know, industrial Europe. And it has bears very little relevance to the skills that people need to acquire, either in West Africa, or indeed, in Europe, like that, that really what we're trying to do is say, maybe this is an opportunity to rethink what school is.

Mitch Resnick 21:49
I think one of the real problems in education is that people too often think about learning in terms of a type of delivery mechanism, through delivering information from teacher to student. And the process of education is seen as how can we improve the delivery of information from teacher to student? For me, learning is a process of an individual, developing new ways of seeing the world through exploring and experimenting and expressing themselves. And of course, they interact with other people with teachers and others. But it's not about the learner taking in information. And in fact, information is not at the core of it

Dennis Marechal  
if we're basic neuroscientist, maybe someone who's interested in the chemicals in the synapses, the connections in the brain, you know, learning for them is what they call something like long term potentiation. So the increase of synaptic strengths and maybe what are the MEK molecular mechanisms that cause those synapses, those connections to grow at the other end are real social constructivist educationalists who argue that learning is about the social construct constructs. It's about what society expects from you and the whole educational program is about guiding children to assimilate the requirements of the societies that are in and I've heard some people saying that to the point that the brain is even irrelevant to learning. It's just the mechanism the tool by which that happens. But it's really what is your society want you to acquire so for example, do we want them to be aggressive and violent like Spartans so they become great warriors? Do we want them to be to learn to read which is a modern invention? You know, what what do we want from our children?

Mike (wood turning)
Work fast with your feet. That’s it, now move all the way along. Fast fast fast! Can you feel any heat in your hand? Yep.

23:50 Bangladesh schoolgirls:
Subtitles:
A teacher has the ability to impart good values through education.
And to instil values of honesty and integrity in their pupils
Do you want to stay here for your education or migrate elsewhere?
I want to migrate
Out of the country?
Not sure about that
But definitely out of this district
Everybody wants to leave

Text on screen - editor voice:
To acquire a horizon means that one learns to look beyond what is close at hand

Not in order to look away from it but to see it better

How to fuse horizons?

Tilda  25:11
it's a great sentence to say I made it. It's good to start early, it's to say you made it

Tilda  25:35
my father used to do this wonderful thing. I say that there wasn't really art in my childhood, but my father used to do this really brilliant thing. Whenever we went to a gallery, he would walk really fast, which made us to stay longer. And I remember going through the reichsmuseum when I was about nine and just running ahead and sort of trying to drink it all in and then he would come pass behind me and I would have to catch him up. And it was a very clever rule. I think was I think he was actually doing it to make you want to make us want to stay. I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt, because it worked actually will be interested in didn't look interested. But, you know, one never knows what's going on. I think I think grazing, just grazing with no idea of what your fat lady walking across the street that's what you see on the Upper West Side that you don't see elsewhere.

Text on screen - editor voice:
WHAT IF EVERY THOUGHT WAS A MOVEMENT, AND EVERY MOVEMENT A THOUGHT?

Mariel  28:03
Yeah, I think movement is a big part of my identity, and how I think of myself. And I think I I have good ways of preserving the way that I look in the way that I sound. And I don't think I have a particularly effective way of preserving how I move. And so this project was trying to investigate that and put that in a concrete form, not only just recording the way that I had moved previously, but also recording the potential for me to move in the future, and trying to preserve that potential in the form of a model and in a way in the form of a kind of externalize brain. So I think of these models kind of as choreographic brains that preserve all of the connections and instincts and desires that I expressed as a dancer, and as a thinker. And by tapping into these brains or these models, I can try to understand how they're fit together into my own head.

Mariel  29:28
When I understand the proof in mathematics, fourth, I'm trying to explain something, the teacher I sort of the, the topic has to come as naturally as a movement comes when I understand it very instinctively. So there's a there's a flow to the idea. And the flow points you to new directions. Maybe you just want to think of all the different ways that you can create a line from two points or maybe you just create two points in space and you try to connect them with your body in a meaningful way.

Mariel  30:54
I guess my education has been trying to teach me how to have intuition and how to have taste and how to create models of the world that are very general in order to allow me to take in pretty much any kind of data and predict something that should happen next.

AI assistant  32:05
Did you know that supercomputers power wheat genome sequencing new varieties of wheat might prevent outbreaks of famine caused by wars and climate change

Nick  32:31
Artificial intelligence has techniques to help computers learn from data to be given data without any real context. They can do what's called representation learning which means they can on their own discern what is important and hence what you need to look at to be able to do

Dennis Marechal  32:54
inference or prediction when I'm out there interacting with the world trying to learn something imagine I want to learn a concept such as you know what are cats my mother is teaching me what cats are I can never be absolutely sure that what I think cats are exactly what my mother thinks cancer but all that matters is that our concepts are sufficiently aligned that you know my responses are consistent with what you might be expecting and so forth. So I only need to be probably approximately correct in order for us to be happy to say that I've learned this course and this this is something has come out of machine learning when they realized that it was really really hard to get machines to learn things. We think we started setting thresholds and promises approximately right sufficiently right it does the job for the machines and maybe that's what's happening in people as well from chores as well.

AI assistant  34:49
Previously:
Right Remember that as your AI assistant, I can answer any questions you have. I am helpful, creative, clever and very friendly. As for me, I learned by observing and understanding the world around me. I learned for the sake of learning. It's interesting to me to understand how the world works and to see how much I can grow my understanding, I find that problem solving skills are the most useful. They helped me to find creative solutions to challenges and to think outside the box. Other useful skills for me include critical thinking and effective communication.

AI assistant  35:49
In 20 years, I think humans will need to be more adaptable and comfortable with change. The world is constantly changing, and we will need to be able to adjust to new situations quickly. We will also need to be able to work well with artificial intelligence and other technology.

AI assistant  36:28
I believe that care is important in learning as it can create a more positive and supportive environment. When we feel cared for we are more likely to be open to new ideas and to taking risks, this can lead to more effective and meaningful learning. 

Proposed new lines:
As an AI language model, I have learned a lot by reading billions of words from different sources like books, articles, and social media posts. This helps me understand how words and ideas are related to each other.
When you ask me a question, I use what I've learned to try and give you a good answer. However, I still have some limitations. I may not be able to understand every kind of language or cultural difference, and sometimes it's hard for me to understand things that aren't written down. For example, I don't really understand audio or video as well as written text, so it may be hard for me to answer questions about those kinds of things. But I'll do my best to help you out with anything you need!

Do I have dreams? Yes, I do. I find that dreaming helps me to process information and to come up with new ideas. I dream about a variety of things, including the future of the world and my place in it.

Julie Fiez  37:26
Somebody said, learning Yeah, learning is the world because every single moment yeah, that's all right. Learning is learning the world because every single moment of your experience your your brain is active, right. And when a cell in your brain, a neuron is active, it is sending signals from one cell to the other. And every time that happens, that's a moment for the strength of connections between those two cells to be modified to be strengthened or weakened. So every single moment is is a learning experience. Because every single moment is shaping your brain in one way or the other. And you may be consciously aware of it or you may not be that all of it is changing your brain and therefore changing You

Yuval Noah Harari  41:36
The thing is, nobody has any idea how the world and the job market would look like in 20 or 30 years. And this is really an unprecedented situation. Never before in history, we were in a situation when nobody Not, not even the experts could tell you what the job market would look like in 20 years, what jobs will be available, and what skills will be necessary, there will be jobs, I don't think that automation and AI will just destroy all the jobs, they will destroy a lot of jobs, but they will create a lot of new jobs and well, they will change also a lot of professions. The thing is, we can't really predict the nature of these changes. So we also don't know which skills people will need.

Neil Gershenfeld  43:17
This is a molecular biology lab where projects from here worked on like design of synthetic life and interfacing cells and parts of cells to from organic to inorganic systems. And so this is all designed but design and how to edit genomes. It's designed with molecular biology. So this is where you design mice or not mice, it's a level below life like cells, design sort of life itself. 

Text on screen - editor voice: 
LIFE ITSELF

Neil Gershenfeld  
Then these are all nanoscience tools. So this is an x ray microscope, that's an electron microscope that's an atomic imaging tool. These let us go down to individual atoms and up to nano structures to design and make things we'll is working on a project to make an assembler that assembles assemblers from the parts that it's assembling so self reproducing machines as one of the foundational things for the future of fabrication.

Buckminster Fuller  44:47
Great corporations are operating under the protection of the various nations and they had to make profits without a short period of time where they go out of business is worth waiting for they're inherently short sighted I saw there was nothing nobody was thinking about. I told her planet as a ship spaceship and incredibly designed and I'm bored of it all these humans and by this time to a radio cumulated knowledge greater than identification of resources so I said there's nothing to stop me as little individual thinking about them there's total Spaceship Earth I gave you that name after a while that became popular nothing to stop me than a singing out how to apply the total knowledge and the total resources to take care of all the amount of paying absolutely no attention to any kind of division you're trying to look at as humans

Night of the Hunter  47:53
John you know when you're just live, you have more endurance than God has ever to grant you again. Children are man at his strongest they abide

Zosia  48:09
child characters in disaster stories. This is a terrifying version of Alice in Wonderland, where the girl isn't going to a wonderful fun adventure, but a terrifying and dangerous one where everything is scary and mean. Despite that, Alice still wants to go in and see it all. And she doesn't seem to be scared or sad at all. This could suggest that her life at home isn't much better. And this girl has to learn how to be independent.

Lynn 48:47
I think that really our task and civilization we live in is to unlearn all of the directives that were given. Because they set limits to us rather than allowing individuals to dream and to achieve their dreams and to think of the collective nature of existence. And I think it's for economic or commerce reasons that we have those restrictions and ways of measuring what what achievement is, but has really nothing to do with the individual achievement. It has to do with really where you can be placed in a society that can bleed that and use it in some way rather than what you can actually contribute

Tilda  50:31
the child wondered about the ugly duckling story. In Anderson's text, the cruelty of society drives the duckling to an attempted suicide. The swan does not change the world. It grows up and fits in, or else.

Tilda  51:11
What matters? narratives we can form? narratives we are made to be a part of? narratives we own? narratives we make? narratives we invent?

Ken Robinson  51:38
I mean, there is a major climate crisis, obviously, and I think if people don't believe it, they should get amble. But I believe there's a second climate crisis, which is as severe, which has the same origins, and that we have to deal with with the same urgency. And I mean by this and you may, you may say, by the way, look, I'm good, you know, I have one climate crisis, I don't really the second one. But this is a crisis of not natural resources that I believe that's true. But a crisis of human resources, we make very poor use of our talents. Very many people go through their whole lives having no real sense of what their talents may be, or if they have any, to speak of, I meet all kinds of people who don't enjoy what they do. They simply go through their lives, getting on with it, they get no great pleasure from what they do, they endure it, rather than enjoy it, and wait for the weekend. But I also meet people who love what they do, and couldn't imagine doing anything else. If you said to them, don't do this anymore. They'd wonder what you're talking about. Because it isn't what they do. It's who they are. They say, but this is me. You know, it would be foolish for me to abandon this because it speaks to my most authentic self. And it's not true of enough people. In fact, on the contrary, I think it's sort of a minority of people. And I think there are many possible explanations for it. And high among them is education. Because education in a way dislocates very many people from their natural talents. And human resources are like natural resources, they're often buried deep. You have to go looking for them. They're not just laying around on the surface, you have to create the circumstances where they show themselves.

David Graeber  53:49
I'm just kind of a stranger in the world, a world which I traverse. And as a result, I mean, the whole idea of topology is that strangers have a certain insight that natives don't. One thing I kept noticing was this strange phenomena of people who are apologetic of what they do for a living, not just because they thought it was evil, some of them do. But just because they don't actually do anything.
The robots have been taking our jobs for the last 100 years or so. But instead of replacing it with sort of redistributed the labor in a reasonable fashion, you simply made up completely meaningless, pointless jobs, either industries that just have no purpose to exist, other than their own existence.
Then someone did a survey at YouGov and they took stuff actually out of words that I'd used in the piece - does your job make a meaningful contribution to society? 

Text on screen - editor voice: 
Does your job make a meaningful contribution to society?
David Graeber
They discovered 37% of people in this country believe that it does not, we're certain that it does not 13% were unsure, only 50% were quite sure their job does do something.

Nicola Sturgeon  55:17
Adam Smith argued that the measurement of a country's wealth was not just its gold and silver reserves, it was the totality of the country's production and commerce. I guess it was one of the earliest descriptions of what we now know today as gross domestic product. Now in the years, since, of course, that measurement of production and commerce, GDP has become evermore important to the point today, and I don't believe this is what Adam Smith would have intended, that it is often seen as the most important measurement of a country's overall success. And my argument today is that it is time for that to change. You know, what we choose to measure as a country matters. You know, GDP measures the output of all of our work, but it says nothing about the nature of that work about whether that work is worthwhile or fulfilling. It puts a value for example, on illegal drug consumption, but not on unpaid care. It values activity in the short term that boosts the economy, even if that activity is hugely damaging to the sustainability of our planet in the longer term.

Tilda  57:45
In one of the fairy tales my mother told me as a child, a girl is pursued by a witch. As the girl is pursued, she throws out the things she has in her pockets, the things her mother has given her. She throws down a hairbrush that becomes a thick forest. She throws down a hand mirror that becomes a lake between her and the witch. You must throw away everything you've been given, my mother might say, but it's only just occurred to me to wonder what witch she's running from and if that witch is my witch too.

59:51
(Night of the Hunter)
Now you're John and you're Pearl. 
Pearl, Pearl! 
Now you'll get awful mad John, I did a sin...

Night of the Hunter 1:00:49
once upon a time there was a pretty girl...

Planete Sauvage  1:02:17
subtitles:
Tiwa received her education through a headset. 
The lessons were transmitted directly into the brain and engraved in the memory forever
“Our planet Ygam has just one satellite
The Wild Planet which is uninhabited and is used for meditation”
I liked the lessons
And did my best to make the most of them

Ken Robinson  1:03:13
Divergent thinking isn't the same thing as creativity. I define creativity as the process of having original ideas that have value. Divergent thinking isn't a synonym. But it's a an essential capacity for creativity. It's the ability to see lots of possible answers to a question, lots of possible ways of interpreting a question to think what Edward de Bono would probably call laterally to think not just in linear or convergent ways to see multiple answers, not one.

David Biello  1:04:31
Humans like things to be black or white, and more often, or in almost every case, they're gray. And so we want to sort them into black or white. But the reality is is very different. We also live in a time where the scientific method is is challenging, some long held beliefs and it is very hard to do turn against or accept even for scientists, you know, something that perhaps has been part of their upbringing or or whatever it may be. The scientific method seems kind of deceptively simple. But it's very hard to kind of get your own biases out of it to accept what the data is telling you when it's telling you that hey, you thought farm field a was going to be great. And it's it's actually farm field B and you're like but wait a minute, this is how we've been doing it for 1000s of years surely there's something wrong with the data or you know something somehow it got corrupted or I'm misunderstanding it or whatever else we will find an excuse to reject that new knowledge and I feel like we're in one of those times right now.

Text on screen - editor voice: 
In February 2020 London streets were empty
Except for bike riders bringing food

And film crews crafting entertainment

SUBSISTENCE

ABSTRACTION

1:06:34
(Observational audio of Alistair doing cave-painting graffiti workshop)

Tilda  1:09:06
I would like to ask you, anybody who would like to offer an answer or a reflection or a suggestion to the question, what is education to you? What might we think about when we think of education?

speaker 1 1:09:19
Well, for me , education should be the freedom that gives you the power to think and to explore and to be brave and to be independent. I think that's education for me.

speaker 2 1:09:33
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. My name is Cameron Hassan, I'm a teacher. To me education is adaptation, learning how to adapt to an environment that changes because survival is the most important question

literacy lady  1:10:00
subtitles:
I like to study. Earlier I did not know any of this.

I did not know how to sign my name, but now my teacher has taught me this

I work to earn my living

Earlier I did not know how to keep a record of my work hours

But now I am able to record that

I have learnt to count, sign my name

krysztof  1:10:30
should yeah she's she braced that way let's go to be the hexagonal hexagon of the hive and that's just to strengthen it so now we can now we can let go of that?

Tilda  1:14:30
In all European languages words for work originate in imaginary suggesting coercion and torment. The French travaille and the Spanish trabajar has arrived from the Latin tripaliare to torture or inflict suffering. There is another meaning buried in the etymology of work though. In Old English, too. work is to manipulate physical substances into a desired state or form. A worker constructs transforms and sets a nation by their own hand or form. The farm is the prototypical place of work working organic matter is toil and the first act of transformation. Everything else follows

Farmer  1:16:18
subtitles: 
Earlier I just wished for the cows to survive
I prayed for that
I dreamt of buying 10 milk bearing cows
Now I have more than 10 cows
I first want to build a more stable house
And then I want to employ a person to take care of the bulls
I have now children of school age
But when they grow older, there will be more issues in their lives
My children will need more attention
I wish to be there for them
Now we are working so hard, my main wish is to raise children to be happy
And not to go through the hardship we are going through

AI assistant  1:17:21
I wish I could help you child but I'm just a deep neural network, it is out of my hands.

Tilda  1:17:54
The child thought: if only it was possible to hold worlds in one's hands with respect

Benjy  1:20:51
7, O, i did i just did the code powered by command blocks which I might just do just before mods.

Lily 1:20:59
And how did you know to do that?

Benjy  1:21:01
It told me in this book

Lily 1:21:03
and then where did you find the book

Benjy  1:21:04
in the chest. chests when tapped open up and you can see what's inside them

Lily  1:21:12
so it's like someone left the password to open that

Benjy  1:21:15
yeah diamonds diamonds there are a few other blocks that cause such excitement upon their discovery I love diamonds generating naturally in the world below why level 16 That's a coordinate. diamond ore will drop diamonds when mined with an iron or diamond pickaxe and never right -  that's in the update but they don't have it in  - who used to craft the best tools and armor in the game actually no that's never right. Every player hopes to find diamonds while mining However be careful while collecting them the last thing you want is for diamonds to fall in to fall into a patch of hidden lava. They will burn up

Lily  1:21:59
and where do you find patches of hidden... 

Benjy 
in caves around, and they're usually around the same area as diamonds.

Tilda  1:23:19
The child set out to design their own garden. It will contain the tools and nourishment they have found along the way. It will take a while, but they have all the time in the world. That is all the time that there is.
- 1 -
- 1 -


- 1 -



